I find this behaviour unacceptable. Happpend at 470C Upper Serangoon Crescent lift. Someone left behind a box of rubbish and expect someone to clean the backside for him/her.
Just went Sukiya Suntec for Lunch. My boy walked faster to queue up, he was in the queue already, but a woman just cut queue in front of him.
Even watermelon prices are going up. At Block 51 Havelock Road coffeeshop.
Romp of otters spotted crossing the road beside The Istana with police officers helping to control the traffic.
Van changing lane abruptly without signalling and due care for other road users along Woodlands Avenue 3.
Had Bak Chor Mee at Pasir Ris West Plaza today. I felt shortchanged with the presentation and amount of food. It used to have more and come with greens.
Location: Sembawang MRT Moji Bakery. Buy take away Milo Ice at 8:15am. There was baby cockroach in my drink. When saw make me run in toilet vomit. Staff never apologise!
Social issue request for social assistance from social media. Location: 63 Kallang Bahru, Level 12.
On March 6th, passed by new Heavenly Wang at Bukit Batok Hometeamns.
Bought 2 cheese prata with curry. To my shock I found scotch tape in the curry. Purchased it at Al-Hadheerah Restaurant at Toa Payoh HDB HUB Basement.
Unknown red Mitsubishi car failed to conform to traffic red light signal and almost hit 2 pedestrians and a biker at the junction of Queensway and Commonwealth Drive.
Person at Blk 297 Choa Chu Kang Avenue 2 on his video / radio so loud from 9pm to 11pm.
Adorable otter spotted chilling out at a grass patch area within Serangoon Park Connector along Hougang Ave 7.
Sambar deer spotted crossing the road along Mandai Road, nearby to Mandai Crematorium area.
Heavy vehicle caught by this flooding and Rescue the Truck Driver at Cemetery Central St 25.
This stall at Hillion Mall did not provide me with a receipt plus HPB QR Code even though I ordered a healthy meal which consisted of Brown Rice and 2 servings of vegetables (long beans and Kai-Lan).
We had a horrible and disturbing experience at this dental clinic - Vincent's Dental Surgery at Tanjong Katong yesterday. Full address is 245 Tanjong Katong Rd.
Yesterday evening I ordered Ajisen ramen from BUKIT PANJANG PLAZA.
Unknown SUV drove fast along AYE and crossed over double while lines to exit into Clementi Ave 6.
Car anyhow park, block my way, this happen in fernvale link 791418
Did gel polish on at a neighborhood nail parlor located at 291 Yishun Street 22. The gel polish didn't last for longer than a week.
While eating my ramen at Ajisen @ Punggol Waterway Point, then found a price tag ticket inside my bowl. 
Bought laksa from hawker centre at Tekka Market. No clams very disappointing.
Charged $0.50 for takeaway. Restaurant is called Fish & Chicks at Blk 168 Punggol Field.
Heavy rain on Wednesday afternoon resulted in flooding along TPE near the Pasir Ris Drive 12 exit.
Wanted to take Bus 851 outside KK Hospital. I reached the bus but driver closed the door and sped off.
I was advised to visit Central 24-HR Clinic Pasir Ris as the polyclinic was not accepting any more patients for the day.
Complaint about coffeeshop hawker stall at Block 291 Yishun.
Bird crowd around leftover food on table at Sengkang Square, very dirty and disgusting.
Sheltered walkway at 7 Boon Keng Road damaged by lorry.
The Singapore Food Agency (SFA) will be suspending the licence of KFC, the food shop at 681 Punggol Drive Singapore 820681 (Oasis Terraces), under the Points Demerit System.
The food I bought from economic rice stall at Block 618 Yishun Street 61 caused my mum to have food poisoning.
I booked Grab Express to deliver fengshui bracelets to my house at 23 Kovan Road.
Terrible tasting teochew noodle at Blk 888 Woodlands Dr coffee shop.
Man singing at void deck of Blk 3 Jalan Bukit Merah, very loud.
Wild boars spotted mingling with public at The Rail Mall, along Upper Bukit Timah Road, nearby to Hillview estate.
Happened today at 3.50pm at Blk 139A Toa Payoh. Taxi driver refused to give way even though I have the right of way and there were many cars behind me.
My kids and myself were walking towards Best Coffeeshop Pte Ltd located at Blk 959 Jurong West St 92 to buy lunch.
Power Failure at Compassvale Crescent.
Was waiting at bus stop outside 496F Tampines. Bus driver rejected request to let my wheelchair-bound mum board.
Malaysia-registered motorcycle performed an illegal u-turn and drove up a pavement beside Foodclique coffeeshop at Block 292 Bukit Batok East Ave 6.
Expired product being sold by Giant at Sunshine Place.
EPS Gantry recently installed at 3 points near my block at 183C Rivervale. But design of gantry is poor, vehicle can still park at the bin centre and loading area to avoid paying charges.
BMW driver left car with engine running and parked at a sheltered alighting point, causing obstructon to other road users beside Fairprice at Blk 192 Toa Payoh Lorong 4.
Patronised Fun Toast at UE Bizhub at 7:30am.
Latest sightings of wild boar roaming around Blk 482 Segar Road HDB estate area.
The suspected crime of passion occurred at Block 341B Sembawang Close on March 6 at around 7:30pm.
A woman recently shared details of her run-in with an man who took upskirt footage of her at Harbourfront MRT station.
Goh Ze Lin, a 37-year-old Malaysian, was jailed for nine weeks for discharging a gun while sitting on a toilet bowl to relieve himself in HarbourFront Centre, where he was working as a Certis Cisco security officer at the OCBC branch there, according to CNA, Straits Times, and Yahoo News.
Yishun Park closed off as NParks officers look for wild boar who ran into pedestrian at Khatib Central. 
The authorities are now searching for the wild boar who knocked down a woman at an open-air plaza in Yishun. 
The incident has caused some public concern as the plaza near Blk 844 Yishun Street 81 is usually crowded, and wild animals would usually shy away from crowded places.
In addition, since the Kebun Bahru area is currently seeing development with the opening of Mayflower MRT on the Thomson-East Coast Line within walking distance, we’re going to hazard a guess that the plot beside the upcoming Kebun Bahru Edge BTO site could just be the one.
It’s an excellent spot that’s close to the Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park as well as schools in the area that include Mayflower Secondary, Peirce Secondary, Eunoia Junior College, CHIJ St Nicholas Girls’ School and so on. 
It’s also pretty close to Lower Peirce Reservoir, which connects to Windsor Nature Park that connects all the way to MacRitchie Nature Park and the whole central water catchment area.
Seeing that the mature estate of Bukit Merah is more spacious than we thought (two project sites were announced for the May 2022 HDB BTO exercise), let’s look at two possible locations for this development of 3- and 4-room flats.
Our first pick would be this plot along Havelock Road, which is close to the Havelock Road Cooked Food Centre and relatively close to Tiong Bahru Plaza via a short bus ride away. 
It’s also a stone’s throw away from the scenic Singapore River and Singapore’s Central Area (you can easily see the riverfront hotels from your window).
There’s an equally possible premium plot for flats in the Bukit Merah area, super close to the Alexandra Park Connector for fitness buffs and also near the meandering Singapore River. 
It’s also quite close to Great World City, and as a result, Zion Riverside Food Centre. 
You can even walk to Orchard Road up from Kim Seng Road should you wish.
Then again, we still have the news announced by HDB on 15 December, that the Prince Phillip Avenue site (which we guessed for the May 2022 HDB BTO launch but were proven wrong) would be redeveloped, with around 1,500 BTO flats to be built.
Thus, we predict that it just might be this 3.9 gross plot ratio area beside the upcoming Keat Hong Verge BTO flats.
It’s walking distance to Keat Hong LRT station, with amenities in the area that include a market at Blk 253, ITE College West, Keat Hong Community Club, Keat Hong Shopping Centre and a slew of schools.
Lo and behold, there seems to be a modest plot of land directly beside Chinese Gardens MRT. 
With a gross plot ratio of 3.5, it should be relatively tall with gorgeous views of the Chinese Gardens picturesque lake (oops, sorry Parc Oasis residents!).
Living in this CBD of the West is surely a boon, what with a slew of major shopping malls in Jurong East town centre (Westgate, JEM, JCube, IMM), many eateries and hawker centres… Jurong East even houses a hotel!
It’s even walking distance to the hip and happening Holland Village enclave, and the classy and chill Rochester Park.
Woodlands used to feel like the boondocks, where phone signals would randomly migrate overseas temporarily, causing our phone bills to jump.
Also, these days, with the Thomson-East Coast Line, Woodlands has become an interchange that can connect commuters to other parts of the island, much quicker than before.
We’re excited about the connection to Johor Bahru as well, via Woodlands North MRT Station, which is slated to open by end 2026.
For now, it seems unlikely that there will be properties coming up along the Woodlands Waterfront.
It’s possible that the new flats will come up beside Marsiling Grove. 
It’s walking distance to Marsiling MRT station, with schools such as Marsiling Primary/Secondary and Woodlands Secondary close by. 
Plus, there’s a nice patch of green with Marsiling Park to the west.
The elderly couple, Mr Omar Manan and his wife Mdm Asmah Bujang, had lived in the three-room flat at Block 120 Ho Ching Road since the 1970s.
This restaurant outlet in VivoCity yesterday had really disappoint me.
Rising electricity prices have proved to be the last straw for Pin Si Restaurant in Safra Yishun club, after it had been grappling with manpower shortages since the start of the Covid-19 pandemic. 
At Indian-Muslim restaurant chain Al Falah Barakah, business partner Mohamad Ali, 57, said that he is considering shortening operating hours at the chain’s 24-hour outlet at 363 Joo Chiat Road after the restaurant’s electricity bills rose more than 50 per cent over the past three months. 
The long-term future of Mandai Executive Golf Course - one of three public golf courses here - is up in the air, with plans for the site under review.
In 2014, the Ministry of Law said Keppel Club's lease will not be extended beyond Dec 31, and Marina Bay Golf Course's lease will not be extended beyond July 2024.
The National Trades Union Congress (NTUC) will not take up the offer to manage Singapore Island Country Club's (SICC) Sime Golf Course as a public golf course owing to financial considerations, the Ministry of Law and Ministry of Culture, Community and Youth said in a joint statement on Wednesday (Oct 7).
The site, located along Prince Charles Crescent, Alexandra Canal and Alexandra Road, is largely unused, except for the Alexandra post office. 
For example, he noted that it is only a 10-minute drive to the Central Business District and the prime Orchard Road shopping belt.
However, he does not think that it will come under the PLH model since it is not located in the city centre or in the Greater Southern Waterfront precinct.
The Greater Southern Waterfront refers to a 30km stretch of coastline at the south of Singapore, stretching from the Gardens by the Bay East area to Pasir Panjang, which will include public housing projects. 
Mr Lee noted that the distance between this site and Keppel Club, which is situated at the Greater Southern Waterfront, is 2.6km, and there are many HDB flats that could be built on empty plots of land within this area that encompasses Telok Blangah, Henderson and Bukit Merah.
Resale prices of HDB flats at CityVue@Henderson, which is about 800m from the Alexandra Road site, are between S$620,000 and S$1.26 million. 
However, given that the Government had earlier stated that PLH flats would apply to those in the Greater Southern Waterfront, the city centre as well as the towns surrounding it, to incorporate HDB flats on this Alexandra Road site as part of the scheme will open the dam for a huge number of future public flats to also qualify.
Plans to develop the Changi region focus on three areas – Changi Aviation Park, Changi City and Changi Airport Terminal 5.
The existing Changi Aviation Park will be expanded with the development of Changi East Industrial Zone, providing a home for new aviation-related sectors and businesses. The expansion of cargo facilities will allow Changi’s handling capabilities to increase to three million to 5.4 million tonnes a year when the project is completed.
A new waterfront district is being explored in the south of the airport. It has the potential to provide “fly-ferry” linkages for tourists between Terminal 5 and Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal.
Freight transport and aviation-related organisations may also conduct research and development in Changi Business Park, leveraging expertise from the Singapore University of Technology and Design.
The 2,000ha area – twice the size of Punggol – includes prime land that will be freed up when port operator PSA’s terminals at Tanjong Pagar, Keppel and Brani move to Tuas by 2027, as well as Pasir Panjang terminal by 2040.
It will also feature community sports facilities, such as a swimming pool and a water sports centre, as well as a new waterfront promenade that will improve pedestrian connectivity in the area, forming a loop around Marina Bay.
The upcoming Founders’ Memorial will be located in a 5ha site in Bay East Garden.
Construction work for the memorial will begin in 2022. It will be served by the upcoming Founders’ Memorial MRT station on the Thomson-East Coast Line.
A new town will take the place of the current Paya Lebar Air Base, when its assets are relocated to Tengah in the 2030s.
The 50ha digital district will house key industries of the digital economy, such as cyber-security and digital technology firms, and incorporate a JTC Corporation business park and the Singapore Institute of Technology’s new campus.
The 800m-long Campus Boulevard is a pedestrianised street between the future Singapore Institute of Technology campus and JTC’s business park buildings. 
It provides a direct connection from Punggol Coast MRT station to various developments in Punggol Digital District and the waterfront.
By the end of 2021, much of the Rail Corridor will be open, with Kranji MRT station connected to Spooner Road.
Upgrading of historic landmarks such as the Bukit Timah Railway Station and the Railway Station Staff Quarters is set to be completed in 2022. 
The former Tanjong Pagar Railway station will also be linked to the upcoming Cantonment MRT station on the Circle Line in 2025.
In Woodlands Central, new mixed-use developments will be built, with residential, office and retail components that are connected to Woodlands MRT station on the Thomson-East Coast Line.
A new pedestrian thoroughfare will also connect Woodlands Central to Woodlands North Coast.
The waterfront precinct of Woodlands North Coast will feature new homes, and new job opportunities will be created.
Jurong Lake District will have more than 100ha of parks and greenery, as well as a 70ha lake with a 17km-long waterfront.
Bought a pack of 6 Fragrant Pears from FairPrice at 279 Bishan Street 24 this morning. 
$4.80 for this hotplate chicken..where the hotplate? price kind of too much for this standard. totally different from photo illustrated. Blk 5058 Ang Mo Kio Industrial Park 2
Very angry, Sim Lim Square - TV box scam again?
I wished to compliment a staff from Tampines Mart 7-11 by the name of Cherie.
Join us in-person to meet your young adult neighbours and connect over insightful conversations at Common Ground, 21 Bedok North St 1.
The closed-door dialogue will take place on Tue, 15 March 2022, 7.30pm-9pm at the NUS Shaw Foundation Alumni House and via Zoom in a hybrid session.
There is the spacious lawn in front of the Victoria Concert Hall that was expanded by realigning part of Fullerton Road, with benches located long the adjacent tree-lined pavement to provide comfortable spots to take a breather.
Partnering the Kampong Gelam Alliance to rejuvenate the Kampong Gelam district with the community.
This pedestrian underpass opened a few months ago and provides a convenient and comfortable connection between City Hall MRT and Funan. 
This is one way we use underground space to enhance connectivity between transport nodes and surrounding developments in areas with high pedestrian traffic, such as the Civic District, Orchard Road and Central Business District.
We took the first step to conserve and restore 32 dilapidated shophouses in Tanjong Pagar to demonstrate the value of conserving entire districts. 
This new eco-playground is located at the Discover Tanjong Pagar Community Green (in front of Guoco Tower and Orchid Hotel), and is the fruit of a partnership between Discover Tanjong Pagar and furniture company Roger&Sons.
Syed Alwi Road has been described as an 'architectural feast' of shophouses!
Wish the same could be done for Liang Seah Street, Hamilton road, or Mosque street. Better still, close one or two roads in Little India or Arab street to become a food street.
They're bringing the festive cheer to public spaces such as Raffles Place Park and around buildings including Clifford Centre, One Raffles Place and Ocean Financial Centre.
There are many of these "handicapped" PMD around Woodlands and Admiralty area.
LTA please visit Sembawang areas - you can catch under 16's using PMD.
We’re one step closer to making Cross Island Line 1 (CRL1) a reality with the award of contracts for the design and construction of two more stations – Defu and Tampines North! 
Since Sengkang and Punggol are neighborhood, it would be great if LRT for both town are Linked so commuter no need to change to MRT
Sumang lane will have LRT ? It's really inconvenient to travel to other parts of punggol.
LTA can you remove all gum spots around Punggol and Sengkang MRT station? Especially outside Punggol MRT and Punggol Bus Interchange, the floor is littered with gum spots.
Beautiful works projected on Fullerton and Merlion! However, the projection seems to be down at ArtScience Museum?
If you're in the vicinity of 30 Temple St, just look out for an uncle pouring tea out of a giant teapot from the third storey.
Turn off Hill St onto Coleman St, and you'll be greeted by a string of historic buildings leading up to Fort Canning Park. 
From the iconic Central Fire Station, a national monument, all the way up to Canning Rise where you can find the National Archives, each one boasts a distinctive architectural style and innovative adaptations to fit modern uses.
Nestled among the modern skyscrapers in our CBD is the Yueh Hai Ching Temple. 
New condos which are popping up, with their non-regulated facades, are changing the character of Joo Chiat.
I have just done the application for a two room flexi. Keeping my fingers crossed as I like Dakota Crescent.
Similarly, Dr Elly Sabrina, a GP in Woodlands, said that detecting abnormalities with a patient she is already familiar with is much easier.
Camping sites located on Lazarus Island and Pulau Hantu Besar will reopen on March 29, said HDB.
Tragic - old mahogany tree at Ang Mo Kio Avenue 6 torn down this morning to make way for road-widening.
I've seen Bukit Timah Road have all its trees chopped down twice, first in the early 1980s and again in I think the early 2000s. It's as covered as ever now.
The trees that I walked to on my way to school along Depot Road haven't been cut down and 27 years later, when biking up and down that stretch, I cursed at how many times I nearly came off the bike while going downhill at speed.
Living in Punggol for almost 9 years. My only complains is the noise pollution and dense housing now.
I grew up in Bishan, went to the schools in Bishan and lived here all my life. My friends were all from the same neighbourhood too. And when we bought our properties , legit none of us could move out of Bishan because the location, amenities and convenience are just too good.
A five-room HDB flat in Bishan was just sold for S$1.36 million, making it the most expensive HDB resale flat sold. The unit is in a DBSS project called Natura Loft, which has seen several million-dollar transactions over the years.
Measuring 1,292 sq ft, the sale price translates to S$1,052.63 psf. The unit is located on the 37th floor at Block 273B Bishan Street 24.
One notable aspect of Natura Loft is that it’s just around a two-minute walk from Catholic High School, one of the popular schools located in Bishan.
A bit too early for this on a weekend. Block 112 Bishan basketball court. We encourage you to throw your garbage in the bins, there's one in every corner.
Beach at Pasir Ris Park is disgusting, full of trash.
Skyville @ Dawson and Skyterraces @ Dawson both completed their 5 year MOP and have been on the resale market since end of 2019.
Yishun is developing rapidly and is now a beautiful residential estate.
Yishun has so many amenities and facilities now. It's huge Nature park and other parks like Sembawang Hot Springs, Khatib Bongsu mangrove are also a plus point.
This shop at 269 Queen Street, the queue always long, because the cook always takes his own sweet time to cook.
Had his normal mee hoon kueh noodle at Telok Blangah Crescent, will not return.
A new polyclinic will open in Taman Jurong by 2028, said Senior Minister of State for Health Janil Puthucheary in Parliament on Mar. 9.
Currently, there are two polyclinics in the area, Jurong Polyclinic and Pioneer Polyclinic.
Additionally, the minister said redevelopments will commence for Queenstown Polyclinic.
A new polyclinic in Sembawang is slated to open by this year, while six others in Kaki Bukit, Khatib, Serangoon, Tampines North, Tengah and Yew Tee will open by 2026, according to ST.
There will be two more polyclinics in Bidadari and Bishan and a new and larger facility in Tiong Bahru by 2030.
It was announced previously in 2021 that Bukit Merah Polyclinic and Outram Polyclinic will be consolidated into the new Tiong Bahru Polyclinic.
Not going to miss the shop. Very pricy, just not worth the price. Recommend the one near Siglap Centre. Very authentic Ampang YTF.
Actually yong tau foo sold in some wet markets are much better, can try the ones at 216 Bedok market.
What happen to one at Jurong West near Pioneer Mall.
A man in Singapore, who was either mischievous or envious or both, used his key to scratch a Tesla parked at a car park in Clementi.
Video of severed leg at Blk 37 Margaret Drive is real, police confirms, man, 31, found dead.
Some were hit by vehicle while crossing the highway…I saw once at TPE near Sengkang.
Easily spotted a family of 4 sambar deers in Mandai forest during one of my night hiking in 2019. Then again in 2020 Dec in the Ulu Sembawang PCN area we spotted a mama deer with its baby deer rummaging for food across the canal.
In her Facebook post, Chai said that that the kitten was found at a wet market in Tampines Street 81.
An anonymous member of our COMPLAINT SINGAPORE Facebook group sent us videos showing a group of young people congregating at Blk 53 and 54 Lengkok Bahru open carpark area on 29 November 2021.
His neighbour was pouring unknown fluid down from his HDB unit at Blk 612B Punggol Drive, Singapore 822612 – Damai Grove estate.
Hair-like item found inside a Belgium Chocolate Bun purchased from a “Swee Heng Bakery” branch at Choa Chu Kang Bus Interchange, #01-04.
Lady vaping on MRT train after train left Outram Park station.
Steamed buns bought from “Jian Bo” outlet located at the coffeeshop of Block 444 Pasir Ris Drive 6, #01-102, Singapore 510444 contained rotten meat.
Authorities were sent photographs of a group of people infringing recent enhanced COVID-19 measures in Singapore, by hanging outside and chatting loudly, playing card games and drinking beverages at the link bridge connecting between Blk 478A and 478B Yishun Street 44 on 22 May 2021 at about 10.30pm.
Coffeeshop tables encroaching onto public walkway at Blk 121 Houngang Ave 1.
An online user posted a Facebook complaint about Blk 682 Hougang St 61 Broadway Coffeeshop, where she spotted one female staff washing the floor mop inside a washing basin area.
According to source, the location of the incident is at 8 Jalan Kukoh, on 26 Sept 2020 at about 10.30pm. 
Since 2018 at the void deck area of Blk 344 Clementi Avenue 5, right next to a staircase area, there are always rubbish left on the public sitting area, and dirtied wall are spotted nearby too.
Taxi travelling along CENTRAL BOULEVARD, stopped abruptly to make a last minute turn towards Marina View near ONE RAFFLES QUAY / THE SAIL.
Motor car keeps on parking at same loading bay lot near Blk 215A Compassvale Drive.
2 unknown kids playing with fire nearby Blk 44 Sims Drive on 7 June 2020.
There is an interesting sight at a temporary booth located at Boon Lay Place Market and Food Village, Blk 221A Boon Lay Place.
A Facebook user posted she found a little girl crying alone outside Coronation Shopping Plaza yesterday (located at Bukit Timah).
A female driver is appealing for eye-witness or any recording of a case of hit and run accident on 13 Jan 2020 at about 5.30pm to around 8.30pm at Blk 3 Toh Yi Drive open carpark area.
A driver of a black colour Mazda 3 found his vehicle was damaged at the carpark of Bras Basah Complex.
An angry Facebook user reported a case of a cut sustained (on the face) by her 14 year old niece at the latest attraction - Mirror Maze, located at Jewel Changi Airport.
An angry couple who work as courier forwarded their Facebook post of an incident with a staff of a store at Hougang Green.
18 persons were reported having gastroenteritis symptoms after consuming food provided by “Delizio Catering” located at 5 Burn Road, #03-01, Tee Yih Jia Food Building, Singapore 369972 on 12 December 2018.
Naked man doing indecent acts at playground near Blk 364A Sembawang Crescent photographed by passer-by.
I will like to share my bad experience with cheating fishmoner at Rivervale Plaza Wet Market.
Buses always illegally park at Lorong 31 Geylang, not the first time happening!
Long complaint made about an unethical beauty centre at The Bencoolen building along Bencoolen Street.
Yesterday, Singapore’s popular Mandarin Newspaper reported a news article about a particular Pandan Garden 4-room HDB flat being rented out illegally to 24 tenants!
Annoyed that a house in their neighbourhood was being used for short-term rentals, close to 40 Sembawang residents submitted a petition asking for the authorities to take action against the home's owner.
The house in question is a four-storey corner terraced house, located at Penaga Place in Sembawang.
The small exercise area is built next to Block 25, a multi purpose hall where funerals are staged.
It would be very heartwarming if the specimen shown may either be a cutting or the offspring of the same plant we brought to Botanic Gardens all those years back before this plant was readily available to the public.
Dr Ho Hua Chew of Nature Society (Singapore) flagged several areas requiring eco-bridges: These include across Upper Thomson Road, between Thomson Nature Park and the forest patch north of Tagore Drive, and also across Mandai Road between the Central Catchment Nature Reserve and its sliced-off patch to the north of the road. 
He also recommended that two major eco-links be installed, with one at the Kranji Expressway between Tengah forest and the areas around Old Chua Chu Kang Road and another linking up Tengah forest to Bukit Gombak across two roads there.
About 300 nurses who are undergoing advanced training at Nanyang Polytechnic (NYP) have been called to return to their hospitals for two weeks from March 7.
There are observatories (with huge telescopes) on Mainland Singapore despite the poor light pollution as well! See: Galaxy Community Centre (near admiralty mrt) and Science Centre.
Your best bet would be Lim Chu Kang cemetery, as there are no local lights for almost a kilometre around.
Other than that, the 2nd best places to stargaze after Ubin & LCK are probably Labrador Park, some areas of East Coast Park or West Coast Park, which faces southwards and away from the light pollution from SG & Malaysia.
3rd best places are Punggol Park, Changi Village & Sembawang Park, because although there's less light pollution nearby, these parks' skies are facing the Malaysian border, which is also filled with plenty of light pollution.
A group of young people were seen congregating at Blk 54 Lengkok Bahru open carpark area on 29 Nov 2021.
Located in within the residential area of 1 Binjai Park, Beng’s Bak Kut Teh is frequented by many regulars who come flocking for piping-hot bowls of peppery, Teochew-style bak kut teh. 
The current Civil Defence Academy (CDA) at Jalan Bahar was established in 1999.
Prior to that, the old Civil Defence Camp was located at Jurong West Avenue 5.
The Hokkien Mee shop is located here - exact address is 9 Jurong West Avenue 5.
Launched by Ah Girls Go Army actress Debra Loi, Singapore Crawfish Ramen in Shenton Food Hall claims to be the first crawfish ramen in Singapore. The food hall is located inside Shenton House.
Having first started out as an online store, Breakfast Grill has converted to a brick-and-mortar store at 380 East Coast Road. Nearby neighbourhoods include Telok Kurau and Marine Parade.
Hidden in the basement of Berseh Food Centre, Epok Epok Story is an underrated gem!
Head to Lagoon Chicken Curry Puff at East Coast Lagoon Food Village then!
The duo has been at Sembawang Hills Food Centre for over a decade.
Located in Eunos Crescent Market Food Centre, the stall, which first started out as a pushcart over 30 years ago, is one of the longest-operating in the food centre.
Despite the stall being remotely tucked away behind the main shopping street in Potong Pasir, it receives a constant stream of customers.
The stall is run by Encik Ismail Salim and his wife Cik Hamidah Ahmad, and has been at Circuit Road since 2017.
Sitting in the basement of Golden Mile Tower, Er Jie Curry Puff sells fresh handmade curry puffs that are exceptionally popular with the office crowd in the area.
MakanBoleh is a family-run business with a loyal following at Seah Im Food Centre.
Another Michelin Bib Gourmand winner is Rolina Traditional Hainanese Curry Puff in Tanjong Pagar Food Centre.
Singapore’s first garden-in-a-hotel, PARKROYAL COLLECTION Marina Bay, has partnered exclusively with Club Med to launch the “Body and Soul” wellness staycation package.
Tucked in the corner of a row of eateries along Jalan Riang, is Babba, a Peranakan-influenced eatery with a dual concept.
Handmade Noodles With Fiery Chilli at Geylang Bahru
The shop, located at 593 Havelock Road, provides an elevated shopping and dining experience as compared to your Korean mart.
Bedok man gets water poured on him by neighbour upstairs after repeatedly smoking outside his window.
A cyclist was injured after he was hit by a car along the junction of Bukit Batok East Avenue 2 and Avenue 5 last Wednesday.
Folks who know of Tony Cafe, the caifan eatery in The Adelphi, and their wildly popular chicken wings will be happy to know that they can now get their fill of deep-fried chicken wings and honey chicken wings with chicken rice in a canteen in Fragrance Empire Building in Alexandra.
I’ve always had fond memories of Bukit Merah Central (the now-defunct Bukit Merah Public Library was my weekend getaway when I was a child).
Ahirrudin left his Hougang flat and cycled to the Sungei Serangoon Park Connector to pick pandan leaves for cooking.
The iconic Chong Pang City was established in the 1980s as Yishun’s first neighbourhood centre
Yishun was one of the first towns to undergo the Remaking Our Heartlands (ROH) programme, which is a comprehensive town-wide rejuvenation initiative.
Valley Spring @ Yishun, is the first public housing project to be built using Prefabricated Prefinished Volumetric Construction (PPVC) where PPVC is a technology that improves construction productivity.
Senja Heights and Senja Ridges BTO projects delivered ahead of projected timelines.
In November 2021, we sought public feedback on plans to develop public housing in the Mount Pleasant area, largely on the Old Police Academy (OPA) site.
Check out SkyParc @ Dawson - one of the greenest precincts.
Tengah and Yishun are great choices if you’re looking for a home that caters to your physical, mental, and social wellness.
Miltonia Close has been largely zoned for residential development in URA’s Master Plan since 2003.
Through our engagement and with feedback received from Nature Groups, we are studying how we could retain the proposed core conservation area, to possibly form an extension of Admiralty Park, as part of the plans.
Over the past 10 years, Clementi resident Philip Sobrielo has spruced up his home and neighbourhood for the holidays.
In transforming the heartland into more vibrant living spaces, Ang Mo Kio, Bukit Merah, Choa Chu Kang, and Queenstown are the latest towns selected for the Remaking Our Heartland (ROH) programme, to undergo rejuvenation works. 
Did you know that the iconic picture-perfect pastel housing blocks are located in Hougang?
An affordable yet delicious snack, these fresh buns are a must-have when you visit Fengshan Market.
Four more cases were added to the Changi Airport Terminal 3 cluster, bringing the total cases there to 78.
Currently, people have to change at Bishan, then at Paya Lebar, then at Tanah Merah just to reach Expo station. You have to try this route to know how LonG it takes.
They might even run the Punggol to Changi Village branch as a separate line on its own.
The first phase will kick off on 3 Apr 2022, where part of Senja Road and Senja Link will be converted into a one-way road.
What seems to provoke the most grumbling is the lack of a connection between Rochor and Jalan Besar.
But it may not be the only one — the lack of an interchange between Bras Basah and Bencoolen stations may also suppress passenger numbers by reducing the connections available along the line, and apart from cost, deep stations in general pose an additional access penalty with both long escalators and changes of escalators required.
Before Contract 921 showed up, the Rochor Canal ran between Sungei Road and Rochor Canal Road - where today there’s a big green patch. In principle it might have been easy, that the station could simply be built under the canal. There are already several examples, such as the portion of the KPE running under the Kallang River.
The other missed interchange is at Bras Basah and Bencoolen. This fares slightly better considering that SMU provides a high-level connection between both stations; but again, depth is its undoing.
Alternatively, they could dig below Lazada One, but that might be a lot more troublesome compared to sticking to the roads.
Secondly, while the Dhoby Ghaut branch of the Circle Line currently has lower passenger traffic, there may be a chance that the branch can be joined to a separate line, which might justify the interchange facility being built in order to connect to this new line and the accesses it provides.
The strongest one I’m looking at would be at the stretch of Jalan Bukit Merah from Kampong Bahru to Queensway, perhaps extending the line through one-north to the MRT station there, or a short stretch up the rail corridor to Tanglin Halt and Buona Vista, dusting off some of the old Buona Vista LRT plans from the 1990s. 
There’s plenty of space around Portsdown Avenue for one, with the undeveloped area around the back of Alexandra Hospital.
Man, 41, at Blk 802 French Road coffeeshop tased by police after trying to fight like Ip Man
A wide angle view of Blk 497 Tampines Street 45
Temporary store closure at Sheng Shiong 440 Bukit Batok.
15-year-old girl missing for a week, last seen at Blk 121A Edgedale Plains
Car keyed at Blk 642 Punggol Drive multi storey carpark.
They are selling Hottis snacks at 224A Punggol.
Big ceiling Fan hit ladder and collapse at Tampines Blk 201D.
All residents at Pasir Ris Blk 559 to undergo swab test.
Wondering if anyone staying at Sea Horizon Condo - Pasir Ris opposite Pasir Ris Dr 6 Blk 479 that has a black kitty?
Traffic marshall says 'No', but Volkswagen insists on illegal left turn at Henry Park Primary School exit
This was despite the recent brouhaha involving a Bentley driver who tried to get his way regardless of the safety of others by cutting queue to enter Red Swastika School.
NUS Student Reportedly Passes Away After Fall At Prince George’s Park Residences, Police Investigating
The buildings in the National University of Singapore campus at Kent Ridge are all linear to prevent the incidental formation of "large quadrangles" where students could gather/congregate (unlike the same quads found in the Bukit Timah campus). The building of UTown and its large green space in 2011 would appear to break from this convention.
The Vietnamese refugee camp was located at 25 Hawkins Road in Sembawang.
If you don't mind the travel time the food court at Marin Square is a good place to sit and study.
Bishan Community Centre has study rooms as well.
Residents can also go for a jog at the nearby Yishun Pond.
A 43-year-old worker at a Build-To-Order (BTO) project worksite in Hougang Avenue 3 died on Saturday (March 12) after he was struck by a falling steel plate while in an excavated trench.
The Straits Times understands that the accident took place at the site of the upcoming Hougang Olive BTO project in Hougang Avenue 3.
Among the more than 30 areas under PUB’s Active, Beautiful, Clean Waters sites and reservoir parks that will fall under the new rules are the Lorong Halus Wetland, the Pang Sua canal fishing deck in Yew Tee and the MacRitchie Reservoir Park.
Smoking will also be prohibited at all city, coastal and regional parks managed by NParks. Among the 51 parks are Raffles Place Park, Coney Island Park and Woodlands Waterfront Park.
Ten recreational beaches will also be on the list. They are located at Changi, East and West Coast, Sembawang, Pasir Ris, Coney Island, Punggol and Sentosa’s Siloso, Palawan and Tanjong beaches.
On Feb 23, the driver of a forklift at the site of a BTO project in Tampines North died after he was thrown out of the vehicle, which had toppled on its side. 
The worker was unconscious when taken to Changi General Hospital, where he died of his injuries.
A new SAFRA clubhouse to open in Choa Chu Kang in 2022 will offer a "fitness oasis" to more than 90,000 national servicemen (NSmen) and their families who live in north-western Singapore.
SAFRA Choa Chu Kang will become the seventh such clubhouse here and the first to boast a sheltered pool and aqua gym.
The clubhouse was announced in May last year and plans for the five-storey building were revealed on Saturday (Nov 10) at the atrium of Lot One Shoppers' Mall, where an exhibition showing artist impressions and a 3D model of the clubhouse were on display.
The clubhouse will be located within a five-minute walk from Choa Chu Kang MRT station and also boast facilities including a partially sheltered running track and indoor playground.
Among the new locations include Sim Lim Square, SAFRA Yishun, KINEX, Causeway Point, ION Orchard, Toa Payoh Central, Jurong Regional Library and West Mall.
Today, the rebuilt Central Horizon continues to retain its landmark elongated architecture amidst five towering 40-storey blocks housing three times more residents than it has before!
The singular drop off point for the estate is located at Block 79C Toa Payoh Central.
This is possible due to the unique layout where all five blocks are located close to each other unlike in other estates like City Vue where the blocks are quite far apart.
The precinct pavillion is located next to Block 79A Toa Payoh Central.
Considering how close Central Horizon is to Toa Payoh MRT, Toa Payoh Mall and Toa Payoh Hub, the development still boasts its very own eating house, clinic and other shops!
On top of shopping amenities, there is also the Toa Payoh Public Library just around the corner too which is plenty of fun for families with young children, or for those looking for a good (and free) read.
The park has been around since the 70s (also known as Toa Payoh Town Garden back then) and houses 4.8ha of flora, manmade ponds, bridges, gazebos and walking trails.
For more retail options, you can head down to Limbang Shopping Centre and Lot One, which will take around a 10-minute bus ride.
Yew Tee Integrated Development will also be integrated with the upcoming Yew Tee Polyclinic and a kidney dialysis centre, providing more convenient healthcare access for residents. These will be located on levels 1 to 4 of the commercial block.
On the other hand, the nearest hospital, Ng Teng Fong General Hospital, will be a little further at around a 20-minute drive.
Alternatively, you can head to Kranji Reservoir, where you can get a panoramic view of the Johor Straits. It’s around an 11-minute bus ride from Kranji MRT, which is one stop from Yew Tee MRT.
And for those who are more active, there’s Choa Chu Kang Sports Centre a couple of streets away. It comprises a stadium, sports hall and swimming complex.
The closest schools, De La Salle School, Unity Secondary and Kranji Primary, will all be within a 10-minute walk.
Other schools nearby include Yew Tee Primary, Unity Primary, Regent Secondary, Kranji Secondary and Jurong Pioneer Junior College.
Another bonus is that there’s a lot of childcare centres in the area. The nearest ones include My First Skool, Kiddy Campus and PCF Sparkletots at Choa Chu Kang Street 62 — all within a three- to seven-minute walking distance.
The distance to the entrance of the TreeTop Walk is approximately 4.5km if you start at MacRitchie Reservoir Park. 
Alternatively, you can start at Windsor Nature Park, where it’s only 2.5km to the entrance of the walk.
Young Chin Peng, 62, Chiau Chee Meng, 53, and Adrian Chua Yong Han, 46, also chanted gang slogans and displayed gang hand signs at the procession along Havelock Road near the Tiong Bahru area.
The court heard that the trio had attended a funeral wake at the multipurpose hall of Block 50A Commonwealth Drive for a man they knew through their gang.
The procession came to a stop in front of Poh Huat Restaurant at 725 Havelock Road, which the deceased man had owned, in order for the restaurant employees and other shop operators to pay their respects.
An upcoming project is the partial pedestrianisation of Woodlands Ring Road, located between Woodlands Drive 63 and Woodlands Drive 71 (adjacent to Kampung Admiralty).
The westbound lane of this road lane will be closed off starting from February 2021 so that nearby residents, as well as students from nearby schools - MINDS Woodlands Gardens School, Woodlands Ring Primary and Secondary Schools, as well as Spectra Secondary School - will have more space for walking and cycling. 
This will also make access to Kampung Admiralty, Admiralty MRT station and other amenities more convenient for pedestrians. 
The eastbound road (towards Woodlands Drive 63) will be converted to a bus-only road, for buses and emergency vehicles only.
In 2019, about 60m of Fusionopolis Way road in one-north Business Park was converted into a pedestrianised street on a trial basis.
This was the case in Kallang when a stray cat found itself stuck on a roof in Petain Court condominium.
Initially built as a temporary National Day Parade (NDP) venue while the new National Stadium was under construction, The Float @ Marina Bay can seat 27,000 spectators and has hosted the event nine times since 2007, most recently in 2018.
Guoco Tower is a mixed-use development skyscraper in Tanjong Pagar of the Downtown Core district of Singapore
With a height of 283.7 m (931 ft), it is currently the tallest building in Singapore, breaking the record held jointly by UOB Plaza, One Raffles Place and Republic Plaza for more than 20 years.
Nature lovers, you can now have your quiet evening stroll at two new therapeutic gardens in Pasir Ris Park and Bedok Reservoir Park.
Roadside parking spaces in Seng Poh Road and Lim Liak Street will be converted into wider footpaths and community spaces, Senior Minister of State for Transport Amy Khor said on Wednesday (March 9).
They will be built in places like Tengah, Jurong Lake District, Bayshore, and more, forming major routes that are safer and more pleasant for Singaporeans to walk and cycle on. 
We're all for these measures towards a car-lite Singapore, and in particular, the pedestrianisation of streets in Singapore. 
If you've ever walked freely on the road at Ann Siang Hill at night, enjoyed a cool drink along a car-free street at Haji Lane on the weekends, or walked along the pedestrians-only Connaught Drive and Anderson Bridge while exploring the civic district – then you'll understand the joy and freedom of car-free streets.
Soon, you'll be able to walk and cycle along a 60-metre stretch on Eng Hoon Street in Tiong Bahru without having to worry about vehicles.
The Whampoa Park Connector forms part of the Central Urban Loop and it’s quite an exciting one! 
Heading down from here, you’ll quickly reach The River Vista @ Kallang where you can admire the river views.
Residents who enjoy swimming would be glad to see that the Toa Payoh Swimming Complex is nearby too. 
The stadium (replete with a full 400m track) can also be found nearby, as well as a SAFRA Toa Payoh club.
Employer forces maid to step out onto window ledge to clean window exteriors at 489B Tampines, very dangerous. Employers please do not get your helper to do this!
Illegal dumping of furniture at Blk 554 Woodlands Drive 53 void deck, I pity the cleaners who need to move them away!
I keep telling NEA to do something about a huge slanted tree at Blk 178 Lompang Road, facing Bukit Panjang Plaza. 
Saw this lady smoking under the void deck of Blk 230 Jurong East Street 21.
Hello everybody, every morning 5-6am somebody keeps littering food for the birds. A lot of birds always flock here and causes major annoyance. Have complained to NEA and they said will monitor but nothing has been done to stop the litterer. It happens outside 200A Sengkang East Road near Bus Stop.
A five-minute walking distance to Mayflower MRT Station, which puts residents within a 30-minute MRT ride to the CBD.
Next to a park connector that offers a direct route to Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park and Bishan Sports Hall.
Lifestyle, dining and shopping precincts of Tanjong Katong, Joo Chiat, Katong, Parkway Parade and East Coast Park are very accessible by bus
Across the street from the renowned Old Airport Road Hawker Centre. Kallang Estate Wet Market and Food Centre and a kopitiam is also nearby.
Right next to Kong Hwa School, a highly-regarded primary school, and also not too far away from Chung Cheng High (Main) and Dunman High School.
A community club (Mountbatten CC) will be part of the project, for some it’ll be like having your very own clubhouse.
After all, Woodlands Central is home to the massive Causeway Point shopping mall, the Woodlands Civic Centre, bus interchange and MRT, as well as the upcoming Woods Square integrated office/commercial development.
Speaking of the Woodlands Health Campus, it’s an ambitious project, and is due for opening in 2023.
Right across the road from an upcoming integrated commercial/private residential development, complete with a new shopping centre (adding to the existing White Sands), a bus interchange, polyclinic and direct linkage to Pasir Ris MRT station.
Pasir Ris MRT Station is a future Cross Island Line MRT interchange.
Will likely be fully integrated with Pasir Ris Park and make this one of the rare BTO projects adjoining a park of this scale.
Even more recreational options at Downtown East, Pasir Ris Town Park and Pasir Ris Sports Centre.
Plenty of food options in nearby malls, as well as Pasir Ris Central Hawker Centre, but would benefit from a kopitiam within the development.
Near various primary and tertiary schools, such as Elias Park Primary School, Hai Sing Catholic School and Tampines Meridian Junior College.
Until everything eventually comes together in the 2030s, residents of the Tampines North BTO plots can just hop across to IKEA, Giant and Courts whenever they wish.
And that’s because the project is within 1km of well-regarded primary schools in Bedok, namely Yu Neng Primary School and Red Swastika School.
Being within walking distance to Bedok Reservoir Park and SAFRA Tampines is a big plus, too, for recreation and well-being. Temasek Polytechnic is also nearby.
Within a 6-minute walking distance to Le Quest, an integrated commercial/private residential development that has a Fairprice supermarket, retail shops and a hawker centre.
Within walking distance to future Tengah Plantation MRT on the Jurong Region Line, which is four stops from Jurong East and one stop from Tengah Central.
Sembawang Shopping Centre and a cluster of shophouse eateries are really close by; the nearest blocks will be 1- to 3-minutes’ walk away from these amenities.
The site is also four bus stops away from the popular Chong Pang City Wet Market & Food Centre, which will be housed within a new integrated development by 2027.
Sun Plaza, a compact shopping mall next to Sembawang MRT, provides additional shopping and food options, plus a public library. 
Canberra Plaza and Canberra MRT station are slightly further and we figure that very few residents will find these convenient, as there are no direct bus services and the hilly walk across a landed estate is a hassle.
Located across the road from the estate, Bukit Canberra is a massive integrated sport and community hub that will be fully up and running by the time residents move in. 
The nearby Sembawang Air Base is home to Singapore’s helicopter squadron.
These stacks happen to be near Sembawang Shopping Centre and numerous food options along Jalan Legundi and Jalan Tampang, so it’s really a win-win.
ParkView @ Bidadari, while within a respectable five-minute walking distance to Woodleigh MRT on the North-East Line (NEL), requires a little more effort to get to. 
Residents will have to walk around Alkaff Lake, cross a road, and walk around or through The Woodleigh Mall to get to the train station.
ParkView @ Bidadari is three-minute walk away from the The Woodleigh Mall, which will also house an integrated transport hub with an air-conditioned bus interchange and linkage to Woodleigh MRT station. 
Residents at Bartley Beacon need not fret; being right next to Bartley MRT puts them within ten minutes of the bigger and better NEX mall at Serangoon.
Bartley Beacon residents are also within 15 to 20 minutes to the commercial and retail hub at Paya Lebar, whereas ParkView @ Bidadari residents are within 15 to 20 minutes to Dhoby Ghaut and Plaza Singapura.
Both Bartley and Woodleigh plots are within 1km of the all-boys Maris Stella High School (Primary and Secondary), the mixed-gender Cedar Primary School (next to Cedar Girls’ Secondary School), St. Gabriel’s Secondary School and Bartley Secondary School.
There are a number of primary schools within 1km of the BTO, including Kuo Chuan Presbyterian Primary School right next door, Catholic High School, Guangyang Primary School and Townsville Primary School.
Superb recreational options nearby such as Bishan Swimming Complex, Bishan Stadium, Bishan Sports Hall, Bishan Community Club, Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park, and the Kallang Park Connector.
Bishan is also known for being the home of Raffles Institution, Raffles Junior College, and most recently Raffles Girls’ School.
Tomlinson Heights is located near Singapore’s prime shopping district Orchard Road and is close to many lifestyle and entertainment options as well as several schools. It is within convenient walking distance to Orchard MRT station and the upcoming Orchard Boulevard MRT.
We can leave via Grange Road, Paterson Road, Orchard Boulevard or Tanglin Road and never worry about getting caught in a jam coming in or going out,” they enthuse.
The scene at Chuang Hock Eating House, located at 18 Gul Street 3 in Tuas, after Tan Hwee Koon reversed a van into the coffee shop.
Tanglin Shopping Centre is one of Singapore’s earliest retail landmarks and occupies a prominent location next to the St Regis Hotel in the Orchard Road enclave.
Today there was a big group of new command school enlistees reporting to Pasir Laba Camp and SAFTI, this caused a massive jam on PIE (Tuas) from Upper Jurong Road exit all the way to the KJE Woodlands Road exit, and also Jurong Town Hall Road exit.
In 1987, archaeologists discovered earthenware pieces at Kampong Permatang in the northwest region of Pulau Tekong, opposite the mouth of the Johore River.
Ong said that while the island was no longer inhabited by civilians, the names of the old kampongs live on in training areas, such as Selabin, Permatang and San Yong Kong.
The 1898 map below shows the many kampongs that dotted the island, such as Kampong Batu Koyok, Kampong Permatang, and Kampong Pangkalan Paku.
Fu Shan Garden is located at Woodlands Street 81 and features a dinosaur-themed playground.
A trip to Chinatown isn’t complete without a visit to People's Park Complex.
Chinatown is filled with dim sum restaurants and one popular spot is Yum Cha at 20 Trengganu Street.
Don Dae Bak Restaurant is located at 35 Kreta Ayer Road, Singapore 089000.
At Hong Lim Food Centre nearby, expect more Michelin Bib award-winning food and some young hawkerpreneurs. Plus, y’all know we love Amoy Street Food Centre and Maxwell that are also in this cultural precinct. 
Pro tip: want hawker centre-like delicious food and prices but with the comforts of aircon? People’s Park Centre, an old-school mall opposite Chinatown Point mall, has a small but fab food court.
Mei Heong Yuen Dessert has multiple locations including Temple Street and Chinatown Point.
The Club Street outlet boasts a larger menu and outdoor seating area for patrons who wanna soak in the sights and sounds of the buzzy Ann Siang district.
This hawker stall craft beer bar at Chinatown Complex offers an impressive number of draft beers – up to 12 at any one time. 
Spend your nights at 2 Jiak Chuan Road - home of Lime House, a Caribbean restaurant and bar that’s totally sublime with its classic cocktails paired with delicious Caribbean meals.
Of course, you can’t miss Yue Hwa Chinese Products on Eu Tong Sen Road.
Pagoda Street Market is a spectacle after the sun sets and the lanterns switch on.
The oldest Chinese temple in Singapore, Fu Tak Chi Museum now displays over 200 artefacts donated by former residents of Chinatown.
Heritage Collection on Chinatown offers newly refurbished rooms within walking distance of Chinatown MRT.
Behold, the magnificent Buddha Tooth Relic Temple.
Sri Mariamman Temple is one of the most iconic Hindu temples in Singapore and curiously placed at 244 South Bridge Road, in the middle of Chinatown.
Sitting along South Bridge Road, Masjid Jamae is one of the oldest mosques in the city.
Tip: to get a bird’s eye view, head to the viewing gallery on the 50th floor of The Pinnacle@Duxton.
Mother Dough Bakery, at 3 Jalan Kledek, offers a variety of sourdough baguettes, lovely cakes and flaky croissants.
Bussorah Street, located within the Kampong Glam historic district, is home to a variety of eateries.
The gallery is located at Muscat Street, right beside Masjid Sultan.
Masjid Pusara Aman is situated next to Chua Chu Kang Cemetery.
The former palace of the Sultan at 85 Sultan Gate is now the Malay Heritage Centre.
Get well acquainted with Singapore’s arts scene at Aliwal Arts Centre.
The Banana Leaf Apolo has multiple locations including Race Course Road and Little India Arcade.
Nestled along Mackenzie Road, the cafe can be easily spotted from afar, thanks to a giant curry puff planted right outside the store.
A wet market, food centre and shopping complex in one, Tekka Centre is the go-to for your Indian cuisine fix.
Think about shopping in Little India and one iconic name springs to mind: Mustafa Centre, at 145 Syed Alwi Road.
Dedicated to Kali, the Hindu Goddess of power, Sri Veeramakaliamman Hindu Temple is this grand, intricately designed temple built in the South Indian architectural style. Its address is 141 Serangoon Road, Singapore 218042.
You’ll be amazed by the architecture of Abdul Gafoor Mosque at 41 Dunlop Street which features Arabian, Indian and Renaissance influences. The green and yellow monument houses a sundial in the middle of the mosque with 25 rays, decorated with Arabic calligraphy.
MND Complex is surrounded by a multitude of food options - maxwell hawker centre and amoy street hawker centre are both within a five-minute walk, while the cluster of shophouses along peck seah street and tanjong pagar road house many food establishments.
experience at pasir ris, waiting time 30 minutes, not a single bus came.
This happened yesterday late afternoon, wednesday 23 march around 11.55am at the road near SpringLeaf Tower, I saw the car owner of SNA 6100J came out of his car scolding and pushing the motorcyclist!
at blk 222 yishun, noisy like there's concert here.
Looking for eye witnesses for a hit and run at blk 70 geylang bahru.
Grease separation room malfunctioned, causing the carpark at westgate to be flooded with water and grease.
Toyota car failed to signal when changing lane and turning left along telok blangah road.
70 persons were reported to have gastroenteritis symptoms after consuming food prepared at The Legend @ Light House CGC (20 Netheravon Road, Changi Golf Club Level 2, Singapore 508505) on 5 September 2021.
My family encountered a hit and run accident yesterday at hougang mall
In contrary, i had a very good experience with TungLok at Orchard Central.
White Lexus evading paying carpark fee at the exit of Hougang Meadow HDB estate area.
The bowls in foodcourt in Causeway Point and Vista Point are very dirty with rice and meehoon and other stains.
Want to skip using Trace Together App, come to Golden Mile Complex.
Very inconsiderate people push supermarket trolley away from NTUC, then they just park it outside Blk 182 Rivervale Crescent. 
Loyang Way Big Prawn Noodle at Loyang Way Food Village so called big prawn is very tiny!!
Ren Ci Hospital runs three facilities in Singapore - Ren Ci Community Hospital at Novena, Ren Ci @ bukit batok and Ren Ci @ ang mo kio.