Speaking at a break fast event organised by the Islamic Religious Council of Singapore (MUIS) at the Al-Muttaqin Mosque in Ang Mo Kio, PM Lee noted that more Muslims have been able to visit mosques, with Friday, and tarawih or nightly prayers returning to near-normal for the first time since Covid-19.
16-year-old Serangoon Gardens Secondary School student, Muhammad Syafiq Mohd Sukairi, has been volunteering with Al-Muttaqin Mosque in Ang Mo Kio, helping out with terawih preparations.
Staff and volunteers of Masjid Al-Muttaqin having chicken rice and other snacks to break their fast.
Masjid Al-Muttaqin is located at 5140 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 6, Singapore 569844.
Outside Ghufran Mosque in Tampines on April 24, a queue formed before the porridge distribution, which started at 5pm.
As part of the effort to reach out to more people, Ghufran Mosque distributes almost half of its daily porridge portion at Our Tampines Hub (OTH), which is next to the mosque.
Completed in December 1990, Masjid Darul Ghufran serves as a focal point for the Muslim community in Tampines.
Free Adult Islamic Learning courses are being offered by Masjid Darul Ghufran.
UNIQLO's first neighbourhood store that will pilot community partnership projects and sustainability initiatives will open its doors at 51 @ Ang Mo Kio, a standalone building nestled in Ang Mo Kio Avenue 3.
Dear sirs, may I know if the HDB Ang Mo Kio Branch Office wil be open from 2 Jun 20 onward?
In response, the hawker at 409 Ang Mo Kio Market & Food Centre told a Shin Min Daily News reporter that the accusation that she was trying to literally make a quick buck off the 13-year-old girl was not right.
Cheng San is one of the neighbourhoods making up Ang Mo Kio New Town.
The town council also teamed up with children from Deyi Sec Sch, Jing Shan Pri Sch and Pathlight Sch to design and paint more than 40 used rubbish bins, and with special education social service agency APSN to fashion around 20 stationery holder pouches from used town council banners.
A woman in Singapore ordered seven drinks from the Starbucks outlet at AMK Hub, but all the beverages were found spilled on the public pedestrian footpath near the delivery address without any explanation as the delivery rider became uncontactable after marking the order delivered.
The Weights and Measures Office said on Feb 11 that the weighing instruments at FairPrice's NEX and AMK Hub branches have been inspected and verified to be accurate.
The incident happened with a raw chicken breast from a FairPrice Xtra at NEX shopping mall in Serangoon on Feb 5 and a piece of fresh salmon from AMK Hub's FairPrice outlet on Feb 7.
Based on the initial assessment from the video, the mislabelling incident which occurred at our store at FairPrice Xtra @ Ang Mo Kio Hub is likely caused by human error.
Merchandise produced by APSN will be sold on Ang Mo Kio Town Council's Facebook page and website for $5 to $10 each, with all proceeds going to the social service agency.
Two special education schools serving students with mild intellectual disability will move to an expanded, co-located campus in 2025, the Ministry of Education (MOE) said on Thursday (Nov 5). They are Chaoyang School in Ang Mo Kio, which serves primary school students, and Tanglin School in Bukit Merah serving secondary school students.
Both schools will move to a new site at the former Da Qiao Primary School in Ang Mo Kio, MOE said in a press release. Student capacity will be expanded with the redevelopment, with Chaoyang Sch to provide 400 places and Tanglin Sch to provide 350 places.
The police have issued warnings to six people for their role in a protest without a permit outside the Ministry of Education Headquarters in Buona Vista in January this year.
The protest outside MOE HQ happened after a transgender pre-university student diagnosed with gender dysphoria said in a Reddit post in January that the MOE had blocked her from getting hormonal treatment.
Chong Boon Market and Food Centre, located at 453A Ang Mo Kio Ave 10, Singapore 561453, will close for two weeks after two people infected with the coronavirus who work there or had visited the place were found.
Ms Jacelyn Lim, executive director of Autism Resource Centre (Singapore), said more can be done beyond raising awareness. The Autism Resource Centre is co-located with Pathlight School at Ang Mo Kio Ave 10.
Pathlight School, an autism-focused institution, will open its second permanent campus in 2023, announced Second Minister for Education Indranee Rajah on Friday. 
The location of the new campus which used to house East View Primary School - was chosen based on the geographical distribution of Pathlight's current demand and the site's proximity to mainstream schools such as Junyuan Pri Sch and St. Hilda's Pri Sch.
Pathlight School is the first autism-focused school in Singapore that offers Singapore's national curriculum together with life readiness skills. 
Ms Jane Sum, research assistant at the NUS Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine's Centre For Holistic Initiatives For Learning & Development, remembers her encounter with a boy diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder while volunteering at Pathlight School in 2016.
After her A Levels, Ms Sum initially wanted to pursue Psychology in an overseas university in Australia or in the United Kingdom (UK), but a friend told her about the Psychology programme offered by the James Cook University's Singapore campus.
Mishel, 16, who is from Madrasah Al-Arabiah Al-Islamiah in Toa Payoh, got eight A1s for subjects like pure physics, pure chemistry and pure biology, and one A2 for additional mathematics.
In December, Mishel finished a six-week internship at the NanoBio Lab at the Agency for Science, Technology and Research or A*Star, and now plans to sign up for a bio-medical course at a polytechnic.
The trio from DPS International School, together with seven friends from school, decided to collect food donations from their schoolmates to donate to food charity Food From The Heart for distribution to the needy.
Among the other winners was a team from Singapore Chinese Girls' School, which rolled out an Instagram campaign to promote a kampung spirit among Singaporeans.
Another award winner was pupil Asher Koh, 13, who started a "kindness tree" at St Hilda's Primary School when he was in Primary 6.
Minutes after CHIJ St Nicholas Girls' School won the North Zone B Division girls' table tennis title on Thursday (April 21), team vice-captain Chia Chern Yee burst into tears even though she did not feature in the final. The teenager could not contain her emotions after going through a roller-coaster year with the team, who failed to retain their title last year as they finished runners-up to Yishun Town Secondary School. So it was sweet revenge for CHIJ St Nick's at CHIJ St Joseph's Convent on Thursday as they beat YTSS 3-2 to regain the B Division trophy.
In the boys' final, it was business as usual for Catholic High School (CHS) who retained their B Division title after beating YTSS 3-2. It was a case of deja vu for CHS' Arifin Zulkarnain, who also played in the decider in last year's finals against Maris Stella High School.
Kebun Baru Court BTO is located next to Mayflower Secondary School. Mayflower Secondary School has been piloting subject-based banding since 2022.
Ang Mo Kio Town Council's Kebun Baru Office is located next to Mayflower Market & Food Centre.
Not many know this, but the Alzheimer's Disease Association started this Wayfinding Project to use murals for a practical purpose: They transformed the Kebun Baru neighbourhood into a dementia-friendly neighbourhood by painting distinct, brightly coloured objects on select void deck walls of each block in Kebun Baru View and Kebun Baru Heights.
He was a volunteer and committee member of the Jin Ying Tang Temple, giving his time to help out at events. He broke into Jin Ying Tang Temple in Ang Mo Kio on more than 60 occasions.
Called the Integrated Dementia (Home-based) Assisted Living, or IDeAL@115, the project is a partnership between Kebun Baru Grassroots Organisations and social service agency Dementia Singapore.
A freehold strata-titled development at 50 Tagore Lane is on the market at a guide price of $100 million, according to Cushman & Wakefield (C&W), which is marketing the property.
At Springleaf station - which serves the neighbouring Springleaf and Thong Soon estates - commuters are greeted by a towering banyan tree, adorning the elevator shaft connecting the concourse and platform levels of the station.
For his artwork Interlude for Lentor, artist Tan Guo-Liang told reporters he was inspired by memories of visits to his aunt who lived at Teachers'Estate, adjacent to Lentor station.
For Caldecott station - which serves as an interchange station with the Circle Line - artist Claire Lim was inspired by the station's location near the Singapore Association of the Visually Handicapped and the Lighthouse School to create her art piece using Braille.
Fencers from the Singapore Sports School (SSP) celebrated a golden double on Wednesday (April 20) to cap the National School Games (NSG) B Division competition as overall winners.
SSP's student-athletes won 10 out of the 24 medals across the cadet (Under-17) men's and women's sabre, epee and foil competitions, winning half of the six gold medals on offer. Two of those wins came on Wednesday at the OCBC Arena Hall 6.
After watching teammate Nabihah Raiedah Mohammad Fadly pick up the cadet women's foil title with a 15-4 win over Crescent Girls' School's Trina Soh, SSP fencer Isaac Ong claimed the cadet sabre gold.
Raffles Girls' School's (RGS) Elle Koh, who is the only student fencer bound for the SEA Games, finished her campaign with a gold in the cadet womens' epee and a bronze in the sabre. 
Singapore Sports School topped the B Division fencing medal table with three gold, two silver and five bronze medals, while RGS and Ang Mo Kio Secondary School were second and third with 1-1-2 and 1-1-0.
Two classmates at Xingnan Primary School in Jurong have come down with Covid-19, prompting the school to conduct home-based learning for its students for up to two weeks.
In another circular on Monday, Pei Chun Public School told parents that a third student had tested positive for Covid-19. This student had been swabbed as part of a testing operation for those who had been in close contact with one of two other pupils who had earlier contracted the disease.
If the two cases also happened to be close contacts of separate Covid-19 cases outside school, such as within their own households, then it would be more likely that they were infected at home, said Dr Alex Cook, an associate professor at the National University of Singapore's Saw Swee Hock School of Public Health.
Dr Leong Hoe Nam, from Rophi Clinic at Mount Elizabeth Novena Specialist Centre, said that's probably because the major clusters involving the Jurong Fishery Port and markets are not places that school children tend to go.
Dr Paul Tambyah, president of the Asia Pacific Society of Clinical Microbiology and Infection, said that further phylogenetic studies - or molecular analyses - will have to be completed to categorically rule out any school-based transmission.
Some 600 households from four Housing and Development Board (HDB) blocks located along Ang Mo Kio Avenue 3 will undergo the Selective En-Bloc Redevelopment Scheme, with residents given the option move to a new housing estate on Ang Mo Kio Drive.
HDB said in a statement on Thursday (April 7) that the scheme, which is a government initiative to renew older housing estates, will affect residents of Blocks 562 to 565, which is 13-storeys high and comprise 606 units of mostly three- or four-room flats that were built in 1979.
The last SERS exercise was carried out in 2018 for Blocks 81 to 83 on MacPherson Lane, with replacement flats along Circuit Road expected to be completed by the second quarter of next year.
HDB added that owners of the eligible flats on Ang Mo Kio Avenue 3 will be compensated based on the market value of their flats as assessed by a professional private valuer it appoints.
They will also be offered the option of buying new replacement flats ranging from two-room flexi units to four-room units at the nearby Ang Mo Kio Drive if they wish to continue living in a familiar environment.
They can also select replacement flats together with their neighbours or relatives, to live near one another, HDB said. In this way, SERS helps to preserve existing community ties by enabling residents to move en-bloc to new replacement flats.
Residents of the selected blocks may also attend a SERS sharing session at the void deck of Block 564 on April 9 and 10 from 9.30am to 5.15pm, or between April 11 and 14 from 1pm to 8.45pm.
Asked why the four blocks were possibly chosen, Ms Christine Sun, senior vice-president of research and analytics at real estate agency OrangeTee & Tie, said that the land parcel may not be fully optimised at the moment.
"I think that piece of land could be redeveloped into a few tall blocks, which may even be an integrated development comprising some retail or commercial components linked to the Tavistock MRT Station, Ms Sun added.
The new estate, sandwiched between Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5 and Ang Mo Kio Drive, is roughly 1km away from the estate it is replacing and is within walking distance of Anderson Secondary School and ITE College Central.
From there, residents will have convenient access to both Ang Mo Kio MRT Station and Yio Chu Kang MRT Station, as well as to shops and eateries such as the Cheng San Market and Cooked Food Centre.
Eligible flat owners may also receive a SERS grant of up to S$30,000 for families, or S$15,000 for singles, and take out a housing loan from HDB to buy their replacement flat.
Seems like AMKSS is a better choice than Presbyterian High or Chung Cheng High School Yishun.
I graduated from AMK Sec quite sometime ago. AMKSS provided a very condusive environment back then for me for studying and learning.
My daughter is now in JC2. She graduated from Ang Mo Kio Secondary School. My son is in Sec 4, also in AMKSS. When my hubby and I first posted our daughter to AMK Sec Sch based on her PSLE result (232), we didn't know much about the school, just heard from colleague it is a good school in the Ang Mo Kio negiobourhood and it is near to our house.
AMKSS dancers are very good. Comparable to SOTA.
I recommend Chung Cheng High Yishun over AMKSS. Chung Cheng Yishun has new leadership team this year. Has 2 VPs, with one of them from affiliated NYJC & this yr has another VP whom I heard was formerly from Xinmin Secondary.
Heard he was one of the teachers that helped Xinmin Sec moved up sch ranking to top sch before posted to another neighborhood sch in AMK - think Yio Chu Kang Secondary.
Plus pt for joining Chung Cheng Yishun, quite good results plus affiliated to Nanyang Junior College which means 2 bonus points for O Levels.
Almost sent my son to Yishun Town Sec, but now don't regret sending my son to Chung Cheng Yishun - seems like improving quite a bit.
Such a welcomed treat for our residents at St Luke's ElderCare Residence @ Ang Mo Kio! Volunteers from Cycling Without Age Singapore brought elders Mr Lim, Mdm Loh and Mdm Koon out for their first outdoor trip to Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park in a long while.
The 66-year-old from St Luke's ElderCare Residence @ Ang Mo Kio, who uses a wheelchair, said of the outing at Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park: "I'm happy to be going out again."
He was one of three seniors from the home who were given rides by volunteers from Cycling Without Age on Thursday as the charity restarts rides for nursing home residents following the recent easing of safe management measures.
Residents from St Luke's ElderCare Residence and Sree Narayana Mission in Yishun will be the first to get to go on rides every week in the neighbourhood.
Sree Narayana Mission was one of four nursing homes that started these rides in November last year, but it stopped them in January this year due to the tightening of Covid-19 restrictions.
Ms Cecilia Llego, a senior physiotherapist from St Luke's ElderCare Residence @ Ang Mo Kio, said the seniors were excited to chat with the nursing home staff and cyclist volunteers, and point out familiar landmarks around the park.
St Luke's ElderCare Residence cares for seniors above 50 who are medically stable but have undergone post-operative procedures for strokes, fractures or falls.
Ms Poon has been visiting a new gym at Ang Mo Kio Community Centre five times a week for the past month to strengthen her muscles.
Ms Poon said that she lives with her mother in Bishan, about a 15-minute walk from the Bishan ActiveSG Gym, which has equipment suitable for the elderly.
Other locations include Senja-Cashew CC, Fernvale CC and Pek Kio CC, he added.
Bishan Community Club and Ang Mo Kio Community Centre each had three of these vending machines.
Mr Connor Gan, 24, who owns a food and beverage business, was wearing the reusable mask from the previous collection exercise when he went to Bishan CC on Tuesday.
The new adult-size masks are produced by textile manufacturer Ghim Li in collaboration with Nanyang Technological University, while the child-size ones are by textile firm Ramatex and the Agency for Science, Technology and Research.
The Manpower Ministry will distribute masks to foreign workers living in dormitories.
The Catholic Church in Singapore will suspend mass indefinitely from this weekend in view of the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak.
In a letter released on Friday (Feb 14), the Archbishop of Singapore Reverend William Goh said that "both weekday and weekend public masses from noon on Saturday will be suspended indefinitely ... until there is greater clarity on the way forward".
The Catholic Church is also suspending large public events such as formation sessions, retreats and seminars.
According to the 2015 General Household Survey, there are about 220,000 Catholic residents aged 15 and above in Singapore. "As Catholics, we need to be responsible in playing our part to contain the spread of this virus by avoiding large gatherings of people," said Archbishop Goh.
"The cancellation of masses does not mean that Catholics can excuse themselves from fulfilling the obligation of keeping the Day of the Lord holy," he said.
On Friday, MOH announced that one of the coronavirus cases announced on Thursday had previously attended mass at Church of Christ the King, a Catholic parish in Ang Mo Kio.
Some Protestant churches have also stopped services at their physical locations temporarily.
One of Singapore's largest churches, City Harvest Church, will be playing its services online for the rest of February.
Grace Assembly of God, where a cluster of 13 confirmed coronavirus cases are linked to, has closed both its branches until Feb 25.
Christian and Buddhist groups have begun to record their services and rituals in light of the COVID-19 outbreak, while the Islamic Religious Council of Singapore (MUIS) has also encouraged mosques to do so for events.
Every Nation Church and Paya Lebar Methodist Church are two of the churches that will broadcast their upcoming Sunday services and mass virtually.
Paya Lebar Methodist Church has been linked to one confirmed case, but church volunteers had already been taking the temperatures of congregants, cleaning the premises more frequently, and keeping a record of their data for contact tracing purposes since MOH first issued its guidelines, said pastor-in-charge Rev Dr Kow Shih Ming.
The Buddha Tooth Relic Temple at Chinatown is livestreaming its ceremonies and group practices on its website, according to a letter it sent out on Feb 12.
Singapore was ranked the world's most expensive city for the second year running by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) on March 2.
While the cost of living in Singapore has gone up over the years, there are still cheap bargains - and even things that are free - to be had.
To name a few, Parkway Parade offers shoppers shuttle buses to and from Bedok and Sengkang on weekends and public holidays, while Marina Square in City Hall allows a hungry lunchtime crowd to catch a free ride from Clifford Pier, TheSail@Marina Bay and Marina Bay Financial Centre from 11.30am to 2.30pm on weekdays.
IKEA Alexandra offers weekend shuttle bus services between the store and Tiong Bahru, Buona Vista and Redhill MRT Stations, while IKEA Tampines does the same with services to and from Tampines, Bedok, Sengkang and Pasir Ris MRT stations.
Free parking is available at City Square Mall in Kitchener Road for the first 1.5 hours during the weekday lunchtime period between 12pm and 2pm, while IMM Building in Jurong East offers two hours of free parking upon entry every day.
Deen Restaurant at 803 King George's Avenue still sells plain prata at 80 cents apiece.
You can still have a bowl of fishball noodles for just $2.50 at Le Gong Noodle House at Block 216 Bedok North Street 1, even though raw ingredients such as mushrooms are now more expensive.
It's $3 a bowl on average at most stalls, according to a survey of 503 hawker stalls by the Consumers Association of Singapore (CASE) last year.
A plate of rice with two choices of vegetables and one meat costs $2.50 at Fei Zai Mixed Vegetable Rice Porridge in Maxwell Food Centre in Kadayanallur Street.
This is lower than the average price of $3, according to the 2014 CASE survey which named Fei Zai as one of the cheapest mixed vegetable rice stalls in Singapore.
But a stall in Kovan Hougang Market and Food Centre has kept to the price of yesteryear - 30 cents.
The Ang Mo Kio branch of the Singapore Buddhist Free Clinic is located at 348 Ang Mo Kio Ave 3 Singapore 560348.
The Government has rolled out several subsidy schemes for Singaporeans including Medisave, Medifund, Medishield and Eldershield. There is also the Community Health Assist Scheme or CHAS, which helps to lower the burden of medical costs for seniors, as well as those from lower and middle income households.
The Public Free Clinic Society, which also specialises in TCM, provides free consultation, charges $2 for registration per session. Thye Hua Kwan and the Chung Hwa Medical Institution also provide medical services for free or at low rates.
A basic health insurance policy in Singapore costs US$90.50 (S$113.20) annually, according to Deutsche Bank.
MovieMob, an outdoor movie specialist, offers free drive-in outdoor movies that are screened regularly. Movies are usually screened at the Marina Bay Sands Event Square.
As part of its community outreach programme, the Singapore Symphony Orchestra (SSO) holds free concerts at outdoor locations such as Botanic Gardens and Gardens By The Bay, and indoor ones at lunchtime.
According to the Esplanade Mall website, free performances take place every evening all year round at the Esplanade Concourse.
The Singapore Art Museum, home to the world's largest collection of contemporary Southeast Asian Art, is free to visit every Friday between 6pm and 9pm.
The Science Centre Singapore organises free stargazing sessions every Friday evening.
One group holds stargazing sessions regularly at Toa Payoh Central and Bishan. More information can be found on the Facebook page of Singapore Sidewalk Astronomy.
The outdoor play area at Gardens By The Bay, the boardwalk atop VivoCity, and Changi Airport, which provides materials for children to do art, are some places popular with the young ones. East Coast Park is another good place for children to enjoy. You can also "park" your children at free play areas in shopping centres such as Marina Square.
Visit Supertree Grove at Gardens By The Bay for free - going instead into the Cloud Forest or Flower Dome will cost money - Singaporeans pay $20 to visit the two conservatories, while foreigners pay $28. The mega park, which cost $1 billion to build, features more than 2,000 plant species from nearly every continent and 18 Supertrees, which are vertical gardens up to 50m tall.
Admission to the Botanic Gardens, which is applying to qualify as Singapore's first UNESCO World Heritage site, is free. But just don't try to climb onto the legendary Tembusu tree which is more than two centuries old.
The 56th level of ION Orchard, 218m above ground, allows anyone to admire the buildings that dot the country from up above. Admission into the Ion Sky observatory is free.
The rooftop of the Esplanade and the open-air sky garden at National Library are also places to enjoy Singapore's skyline.
Have a "wild" day out at Sisters' Islands Marine Park
The Sisters' Islands boast a variety of habitats including coral reefs, sandy shores and seagrass areas.
The Ministry of National Development organises #instawalks for visitors to discover the beauty and nature of Singapore, and share the sounds and sights with others on Instagram. 
Haw Par Villa - owned by the Myanmar-Chinese Aw brothers of Tiger Balm ointment fame - used to be popular among families and tourists because of its 1,000 statues depicting scenes from Chinese folklore, including the well-known "10 courts of hell". It made a comeback recently as part of the Singapore Tourism Board's Tourism50 campaign to encourage Singaporeans to visit local attractions.
Bukit Timah Nature Reserve is closed for a two-year revamp which will be completed next year. But the trails surrounding the reserve - including the Hindhede Nature Park, Kampong Trail, Rail Corridor and mountain bike trail - are still open to the public.
For good bargains, head down to Bugis Village or Far East Plaza and stores in neighbourhood estates like Yishun, Toa Payoh and Ang Mo Kio.
Started by Chef Kelvin, who wanted to open his stall to continue Singapore's dying culture for the next generation, Shiok Shiok Noodles was previously at a coffee shop in Sin Ming before moving to its current space in Teck Ghee Court Market and Food Centre.
Eng Kee Bak Kut Teh has been situated at Teck Ghee Court Market & Food Centre for many years and continues to build a loyal fan base to this day!
Visiting the Chong Pang City Wet Market is a daily routine for housewife Sum Kwai Siong, but the risk of Covid-19 infections from crowds expected over Chinese New Year is keeping her on edge.
Concerns emerged when large crowds were seen at the wet market at Chinatown Complex last week, with many out to stock up for Chinese New Year.
The Sunday Times visited the Chong Pang City Wet Market on Thursday (Feb 4) and the Teck Ghee Court Market and Food Centre on Friday (Feb 5).
Safe-distancing posters and bright red and yellow floor markers to indicate one-metre distancing were seen around the Chong Pang Market and SafeEntry QR codes were at the main entrance.
Precautions were also in place at Teck Ghee Court Market. Crowd controllers from Ang Mo Kio Town Council said that 180 people are allowed inside at any one time.
The Land Transport Authority (LTA) has awarded a contract worth $615.9 million for the construction of the North-South Corridor, a 21.5km expressway which will connect towns in the north to the city centre.
As part of the contract, Shanghai Tunnel Engineering Co (Singapore) will construct a road tunnel, the Teck Ghee MRT station box and commuter facilities such as pedestrian overhead bridges between Sin Ming Avenue and Ang Mo Kio Avenue 3.
The 800m-long road tunnel will feature a pair of three-lane roads. It will be integrated with the planned Teck Ghee station on the future Cross Island Line.
The organisers said the number of participants rehearsing at the floating platform has been reduced by about 70 per cent compared with previous years. Some are also some rehearsing at satellite sites at Jewel Changi Airport, the National University of Singapore and Yio Chu Kang Stadium.
Through investigations, officers from Ang Mo Kio Police Division established the identity of the man and arrested him on 11 May 2022.
The court heard that Shanmugam was assigned to perform night shift maintenance work at Ang Mo Kio Police Division Headquarters with a colleague.
It cost S$5313.17 to repair the damage, which was borne by company ST Synthesis, a services arm of ST Engineering.
Called Engineering With Passion, the book was launched on Friday (Aug 4) by Deputy Prime Minister and Coordinating Minister for National Security Teo Chee Hean at the ST Engineering Hub, 1 Ang Mo Kio Electronics Park Rd, Singapore 567710
Similar to arrangements made for EAE selection in 2020, ITE and the polytechnics will conduct EAE selections this year largely via electronic means such as online interviews, or portfolio submissions over e-mail, for most courses. ITE EAE selections will take place between 22 June - 27 July 2021, while polytechnic EAE selections will take place between 5 July - 31 August 2021.
On-campus selection may still need to proceed for a small number of courses, where the selection process cannot be meaningfully replicated remotely. For instance, selections for ITE's Nitec in Nursing and Higher Nitec in Performance Production, as well as Nanyang Polytechnic's Diploma in Oral Health Therapy will be conducted on-campus.
The Consumers Association of Singapore (CASE) and Nanyang Polytechnic's Singapore Institute of Retail Studies (NYP-SIRS) signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) on Friday (Apr 29) for the development of a new CaseTrust accreditation scheme for online businesses.
The scheme, which will be launched in the second half of this year, will help customers to easily identify reliable online merchants, CASE and NYP-SIRS said in a joint press release.
Nanyang Polytechnic (NYP) has launched a diploma course in artificial intelligence (AI) and data engineering that will be co-developed and co-taught by industry professionals and its lecturers.
Students will receive industry certification from the partner companies on top of their diplomas, NYP said on Wednesday (June 2).
The course will adopt NYP's Professional Competency model (PCM), which is aimed at mirroring workplace practices instead of the subject-based approach taken by most schools.
Ms Jeanne Liew, principal and chief executive of NYP, said this approach will result in a more responsive and relevant curriculum. "New developments can be easily plugged into the PCM, while obsolete technologies or areas are removed."
Industry partners in the new course include Microsoft, Nvidia, AI Singapore, Omron Electronics and AI Professionals Association.
Dr Ettikan Kandasamy Karuppiah, chief technologist for the Asia Pacific South region at California-based Nvidia, said it is working with NYP to develop a module on applied deep learning, as part of the course.
Nvidia, an American chipmaker, is widely known for producing computer graphics processors, but it has also branched out into AI-related fields like autonomous vehicles and healthcare diagnostics and imaging.
NYP lecturers will be given access to teaching materials used at Nvidia's Deep Learning Institute.
The diploma course, offered under the NYP School of Engineering, will take in its first students next year.
About 300 nurses who are undergoing advanced training at Nanyang Polytechnic (NYP) have been called to return to their hospitals for two weeks from March 7, the Ministry of Health (MOH) on Friday (March 4).
In response to TODAY's queries, MOH said such a move will allow them to support their colleagues at the frontlines, particularly in areas that are experiencing "the highest surge in workloads" such as emergency departments and Covid-19 treatment facilities.
The nursing students are taking Advanced Diploma courses offered by NYP, which are meant for qualified nurses who want to upgrade their skills.
The move comes as Singapore is experiencing a tide of Covid-19 cases, with people reportedly visiting emergency departments even though they did not require emergency care, resulting in long queues and waiting times. The Government had reiterated its call for the public to refrain from rushing to hospitals with non-emergency conditions, with a peak of 26,032 new Covid-19 cases recorded last Tuesday.
The SG Healthcare Corps, which includes former healthcare workers and non-healthcare professionals, as well as the Singapore Armed Forces have also been tapped to support Covid-19 operations.
Augmented reality technology to monitor energy usage in real time was among the green solutions displayed at the launch of a Sustainability Experience Centre on Wednesday (Jan 5) at Nanyang Polytechnic, 180 Ang Mo Kio Ave 8, Singapore 569830.
The centre is a collaboration between NYP and Schneider Electric, and aims to help small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) experience the potential of green technologies at the workplace.
Dr Kan Ee May, lecturer at the Nanyang Polytechnic School of Engineering, noted that the centre hopes to help cash-strapped SMEs adopt such solutions, which can cost as little as $1.50 per plant.
Under the partnership, Schneider Electric and NYP will also be co-training companies in skills to manage electric vehicles (EVs) and its supporting infrastructure, amid a national charge for EV adoption. This year, the Government said it plans to deploy 60,000 charging points at public carparks and private premises by 2030.
Mr Jackson Seng, sustainability business development director at Schneider Electric, noted that not many people are familiar with EV charging systems, which place an additional load on electrical systems. Among the exhibits displayed at the centre is an EVlink Wallbox developed by Schneider Electric to regulate the amount of electricity allocated to EV charging such that buildings have sufficient electric supply capacity.
The headquarters, located at 50 Kallang Avenue, will consolidate the company's Singapore operations at four other offices in Changi (15 Changi Business Park Central 1, Singapore 486057), Penjuru (46 Penjuru Lane, Singapore 609206), Ang Mo Kio and Ayer Rajah. It will also serve as the company's first Innovation Hub in Asia.
The recent terror attacks in Paris are a sobering reminder that Singapore's safety and security cannot be taken for granted, said Senior Minister of State for Defence Ong Ye Kung.
Mr Ong was speaking to reporters on Thursday (Nov 26) after he witnessed how soldiers from the 2nd Battalion Singapore Infantry Regiment (2 SIR) were activated to test how they responded to a mock war scenario. The unit in Amoy Quee Camp, which is among several army ground units like the armour and artillery units that have been put on stand by, was activated.
Noting that Singapore has been stepping up its security vigilance through many deployments in key installations and drills, Mr Ong said: "The SAF can only do so much, but ultimately every Singaporean, everyone also has a role to play. This is Total Defence in the light of terrorism threat.
Nanyang Polytechnic (NYP) has partnered financial technology (fintech) hub LATTICE80 to offer its students internships during their first two years in school. Mr Joe Seunghyun Cho, CEO of LATTICE80 and chairman of Marvelstone Group, said in a statement: "Our innovative joint programme will encourage industry-academia collaborations within the fintech industry... to raise awareness and understanding of the emerging field of fintech.
Earlier this year, the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) announced a slew of measures to boost the financial sector, following recommendations by the Committee on the Future Economy.
Ms Loh Chuu Yi, director of NYP's School of Business Management, added: "This experiential attachment gives our students a head start and insights into the industry to prepare them for jobs of the future.
As football took a backseat, Ng started playing games more competitively while he was a student at Nanyang Polytechnic's (NYP) School of Information Technology.
He then approached Singapore's Cybersports & Online Gaming Association (SCOGA), which happened to be looking for people to teach classes, which kickstarted his journey of coaching in e-sports.
After working really hard and scoring 255 for my Primary School Leaving Examination, I was excited to embark on my life in the IP track.
Sarah Ong Xinmin is a second-year nursing student at the Nanyang Polytechnic School of Health and Social Sciences.
It helped Ms Lee, 18, a student at ITE College West's School of Hospitality, emerge tops in the battle against 10 other students.
Designed by 15 students from the Institute of Technical Education (ITE) College Central's School of Design and Media, along with their lecturers and the NDP creative team, each pack came with items such as light sticks, button badges with artwork from the public, colourful visor hats and an LED bracelet that blinks to the tempo of the music.
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong will deliver the National Day Rally speech on Aug 21 at the Institute of Technical Education Headquarters in Ang Mo Kio, the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) said in a statement on Wednesday (May 11).
He announced that the Manpower Ministry would study how to give delivery workers a more secure future, and that Employment Pass and S Pass criteria would be tightened over time.
On race, he said the Government intends to enact a Maintenance of Racial Harmony Act, which will consolidate all existing laws to deal with racial issues and also incorporate softer measures that focus on persuasion and rehabilitation.
PM Lee delivered last year's rally speech in front of 2,000 attendees in a Mediacorp studio, as well as on the Zoom video-conferencing platform, on top of the traditional television and online audiences.
Instead, PM Lee delivered a major speech to Singaporeans in Parliament in September that year.
The rally was last held at the ITE College Central campus in 2019.
A programme has been launched at the Institute of Technical Education (ITE) to train students to plug workforce gaps when artificial intelligence (AI) becomes a mainstay here.
From April, close to 400 ITE students will be trained to apply and integrate AI systems under a partnership between ITE and global technology firm Nvidia signed on Wednesday (Jan 19). They will be equipped with industry experience in implementing AI systems, which are crucial to Singapore's goal of transforming its economy with the technology by 2030, said Education Minister Chan Chun Sing at the signing of the partnership agreement on Wednesday.
Mr Greg Chew, deputy director of the ITE College Central School of Electronics & Info-Comm Technology, said the partnership is expected to benefit up to about 2,000 students in the next three years.
Under the AI Workforce Readiness Programme, these students will meet the growing demand for skilled workers to adopt AI systems, said Mr Chan. He noted that a wide spectrum of skill sets and job roles are necessary to achieve Singapore's national AI strategy, which "cannot be fulfilled by a single pipeline of university graduates".
Founded nearly 30 years ago in California, Nvidia is known for its graphics cards used by gamers worldwide.
He had to repeat his Primary 6 before making it to Presbyterian High School. There, he met a good English teacher, Ms Maggie Lim, who sparked an interest in reading in him by introducing him to books that intrigued him.
Rising in a prominent neighborhood, Castle Green is a Freehold Condominium. This medium scale but luxurious condo is located at Yio Chu Kang Road, Singapore 787056. It is within walking distance of Presbyterian High School.
There is a number of public transportation close to The Bayshore that residents can make use of. The closest bus stops are located at The Bayshore Condo, The Summit, East Coast Ville, Evergreen Garden, Calvary Ably of God Church and Lagoon View. For those with vehicles, the shopping district located at Changi Business Park can be easily accessed via East Coast Parkway and Pan Island Expressway in 5 to 10 minutes.
The Spring Cultural Showcase was held by the Singapore Hokkien Huay Kuan (SHHK) in celebration of the Year of the Tiger.
Fifty guests, such as the association's board of governors and committee members, attended the event at the Singapore Hokkien Huay Kuan Cultural Academy at 5 Sennett Road. The Singapore Hokkien Huay Kuan Cultural Academy (SHHKCA) was established by the Singapore Hokkien Huay Kuan following an announcement by PM Lee Hsien Loong in 2012.
SHHK president Thomas Chua said the association aims to uphold traditions while encouraging innovation and progression with the times.
"The SHHK has uplifted the lives of many Singaporeans, not just the Hokkiens or Chinese, but other ethnic groups too, through its support for education and social welfare since 1840 - that's 182 years ago," said Mr Lee, who is also Minister-in-charge of Social Services Integration.
In his speech at the showcase, he thanked the association for helping with Temasek Foundation's distribution of masks and hand sanitiser at more than 10 community centres, and for encouraging seniors to get vaccinated against Covid-19.
A building and a road at Nanyang Technological University (NTU) have been given new names to mark pioneers' contributions to the development of the country's education system.
The building that houses the College of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences (CoHASS) has been named the Singapore Hokkien Huay Kuan Building, while Nanyang Valley, a road adjacent to the Chinese Heritage Centre - the old Nantah Administration Building - will be renamed the Tan Lark Sye Walk.
A plaque to mark the renaming was unveiled in a ceremony at the College of Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences on Saturday (Oct 19) that was attended by about 300 guests, including Education Minister Ong Ye Kung.
"The naming of the Singapore Hokkien Huay Kuan Building and Tan Lark Sye Walk acknowledge the historic contribution of our local communities towards Singapore's tertiary education development," said NTU president Subra Suresh.
Thought Vivo is the worst but Bedok Mall takes the cake. Heck I feel more confident in escaping from a fire in Mustafa than in Bedok mall.
Quite disappointed with Capitamall that they don't leave a space for cinema in Bedok mall....
Blk 506 onwards heading Bedok Town Secondary School (Westwards towards Jalan Eunos) belongs to Aljunied GRC. Blk 401 onwards and that side of the road all belong to East Coast GRC other than those specified as Fengshan. Borderline is divided between Bedok North Road.
Entire Chai Chee estate (Ping An, Ping Yi, Chai Chee Gardens) is under Tan Chuan Jin's Kembangan ward of Marine Parade GRC. Opposite of Chai Chee estate (Bordered by the MRT track), it was belong Joo Chiat.Longvale (The extremely inside of Bedok Reservoir View, which is next to LTK ward FYI) is under East Coast GRC.
Fengshan SMC comprises these areas Blk 111 - 128 ONLY along the side of Fengshan CC. Bordered by Bedok North St 2. Blk 98 to 110 at Bedok Green Sec cluster. Opposite of it as in Bedok North Ave 3 will facing Aljunied GRC. Blk 74 - 82 side, bordered by Bedok North Road.So Bedok Stadium is under East Coast GRC. Blk 180 - 185, newly BTO right opposite of Bedok Stadium. Simpang Bedok estate from Tanah Merah MRT to the Canal that borders Bedok and Changi / Expo.
To add bonus, Lee Yi Shyan as Chai Chee MP do not cover HDB estates with Cha Chee X road name. Instead, it covers the square from Bedok North Ave 3, Bedok North Road & Bedok North Ave 1, effectively circling entire Bedok Central / Swimming Pool areas to Fengshan Primary.
Probably Lim Swee Say is at Bedok Stadium, the few blocks along Bedok North St 2 that are opposite of Fengshan CC (And hence the SMC) and the HDB clusters right opposite of Bedok Point, bounded by Bedok South Ave 1, Bedok South Road and Bedok South Ave 2. (The Blk 16 Hawker there all LSS while Elderhome that side probably Siglap)
Other than the obvious where is Simei, the rest largely under Siglap (Maliki) until Ubin. Many many years ago when I still drink milk, Simei and Pulau Ubin belong to one SMC. They chop the Simei part into Aljunied GRC and the rest into Siglap ward, only to rejoin together in East Coast GRC.
About a third of the gross floor area of Our Tampines Hub, which opened last August, Heartbeat@Bedok houses the ActiveSG East Bedok Sports Centre, Bedok Public Library, Kampong Chai Chee Community Club, Bedok Polyclinic and a senior care centre.
Must eat the bak chor mee (Minced meat noodles) at Kaki Bukit 511. Better than Block 85 Fengshan. Don't know what they put in their soup man. Can request for bigger bowl. Another must try is the Seng Kee Mee Sua.
Bouncy fishballs from Yam Mee Teochew Fishball Noodle #01-24, Kaki Bukit Block 511 Market & Food Centre. Branch of the popular fishball noodle stall from Kovan Food Centre with the same name.
Thumb up for claypot rice for stall Hong Kong Mei Mei at 511 Bedok North St 3 Hawker Centre
In a statement on Sunday (June 7), the Ministry of Education (MOE) said all five cases had mild symptoms, and are from Anglican High School, CHIJ Katong Convent, CHIJ St Theresa's Convent, Geylang Methodist Secondary School and Hwa Chong Institution.
While the finalists for both events have yet to be determined, the top four from last year have qualified for the semi-finals again with defending champions Victoria School taking on Dunman High School earlier in the week.
Anglican High School, who finished second last year, will have to get past 2019 champions Ngee Ann Secondary to reach the final again.
The sevens format has not dented the ambitions of heavyweights St Andrew's Secondary (SASS) and Anglo-Chinese School (Independent).
Defending champions ACS(I) take on Raffles Institution (RI) in the semi-finals on April 18 while 2019 finalists SASS will play ACS (Barker Road).
After beating two-time defending champions Singapore Chinese Girls' School and finishing top in the preliminary round, Methodist Girls' School are the favourites heading into the finals on April 20.
But they face a tough opponent in Raffles Girls' School, who are hoping to reclaim the title they last won in 2017.
I didnt manage to go the open house for Damai Secondary and Changkat Changi Secondary. How is their environment and learning?
There is a number of public transportation close to Waterfront Isle (730-738 Bedok Reservoir Rd, Singapore 479263) that residents can make use of. The closest MRT station is Bedok Reservoir MRT. The closest bus stops are located at Waterfront Key, Bedok Reservoir Station, The Clearwater Condo, Waterfront Isle, Bedok Reform Taining Centre and after Waterfront Waves.
Eight Temasek Junior College (TJC) staff have been hospitalised for gastroenteritis symptoms after eating food prepared by Chilli Api Catering last Friday (March 12).
Safe distancing measures were eased at 10 markets this month, said the National Environment Agency (NEA) on Monday (Nov 9).
As the market at Block 85 Bedok North Street 4 was undergoing repair and redecoration works, access control and interim fencing were put in place when it reopened in June.
Restrictions were lifted this month at markets located at Block 115 Bukit Merah View and Block 137 Tampines Street 11, as well as the Tiong Bahru Market, among others.
NEA added that access control and interim fencing had also been removed at 10 other markets earlier in June, including Beo Crescent Market, Bukit Timah Market and Tanglin Halt Market.
The four markets are Geylang Serai Market, Chong Pang Market at Block 104/105 Yishun Road, the market at Block 20/21 Marsiling Lane and the one at Block 505 Jurong West Street 52.
The operations of the catering company, which is located at 3015 Bedok North Street 5, Shimei East Kitchen, will be suspended until further notice.
At Eunoia Junior College, Mr Andrew Tan will take over the post that has been held by Mrs Wong-Cheang Mei Heng since the school's founding in 2017.
At Temasek Junior College, Ms Low Ay Nar will make way for Mr Earnler Liu, the current principal of Bowen Secondary School.
At Victoria Junior College, Mr Jeffrey Low will replace Ms Ek Soo Ben, who has been its principal since 2014.
And with Pioneer Primary School and Juying Primary School merging from 2022, Pioneer Primary's principal Mdm Loke Wai Ling will continue to lead the merged school.
The 13 secondary schools that will have newly appointed principals are Anderson Secondary School, Bartley Secondary School, Beatty Secondary School, Bowen Secondary School, Christ Church Secondary School, Chung Cheng High School (Main), Chung Cheng High School (Yishun), Junyuan Secondary School, Jurong West Secondary School, Naval Base Secondary School, Orchid Park Secondary School, Queenstown Secondary School and Zhenghua Secondary School.
The 11 primary schools that will see newly appointed principals are: Anchor Green Primary School, Anglo-Chinese School (Primary), CHIJ (Katong) Primary, Innova Primary School, Kheng Cheng School, Marsiling Primary School, Opera Estate Primary School, Park View Primary School, St Anthony's Primary School, Yew Tee Primary School and Yuhua Primary School.
A freehold detached house at Sennett Lane, located off Upper East Coast Road in District 16, will be put up for auction on April 27 with a guide price of $11 million, or $1,803 psf.
The detached house enjoys proximity to amenities at the nearby Siglap Centre, Parkway Parade and i12 Katong, all located within a 10-minute drive from Sennett Lane. The CBD is a 15-minute drive away via the East Coast Park Expressway, while Jewel Changi Airport and Changi Business Park are also within a 15-minute drive.
The property will also appeal to families with school-going children because it is near schools like Temasek Primary, Temasek Secondary and Temasek Junior College. Victoria School and Victoria Junior College are also within 3km of the development.
The cafe is situated at The Yards in Joo Chiat which is a space focusing on arts, dance and drama, on the site of the Old Telok Kurau Primary School at 406 Joo Chiat Place, Singapore 428084
The Seawind (76 Lorong M Telok Kurau Singapore 425412) is a residential development located in the peaceful, mature neighbourhood of Telok Kurau, in District 15. Numerous bus routes mean the lack of an MRT is not felt too harshly, and that will be gone altogether when Marine Terrace MRT on the Thomson East Coast Line opens, conveniently close to The Seawind.
A green space along the Siglap Park Connector, Telok Kurau Park is a great spot for those in the East. 
There are a few entrances to take for those who wish to visit the park. There is an entrance along Joo Chiat Place, Joo Chiat Walk, Joo Chiat Ave and Lorong J Telok Kurau.
Love it. Working out at F45 Training Siglap is fun, motivating and never boring. The gym is located just off East Coast Road, at 52 Burnfoot Terrace, Frankel Estate, Singapore 459838.
Park at the public lots across the road, or at the Eunos Techpark parking lots (60 Kaki Bukit Place)
Take the Downtown Line to Kaki Bukit, Exit B.
Residents in Eunos will from Friday (Dec 17) have access to a new polyclinic that aside from providing outpatient medical care and treatment for chronic and acute conditions, will also offer radiological services.
Eunos Polyclinic, the ninth under SingHealth Polyclinics, is located at 1 Chin Cheng Avenue, which is about a 10 minute walk from Eunos MRT station.
Madam Faridah Mansor is at the Masjid Alkaff Kampung Melayu in Bedok on most days, working from midday to late evening to handle the SafeEntry check-ins of congregants and her responsibilities as the assistant treasurer of the mosque.
She also volunteers at her alma mater, St Anthony's Canossian Secondary School, and at the Eunos Community Centre.
He was also a member of MediShield Life Council from 2015 to 2020, and is currently the honorary treasurer of Cerebral Palsy Alliance Singapore and part of the Human Capital Development Panel at the National Council of Social Service.
Identifiable by its striking Minangkabau-style roof, Eunos Community Club is a hub of activity and functions as a common space for Eunos residents.
Other Bedok Reservoir residents in blocks like Blk 725 Bedok Reservoir Rd, will also have to make a longer journey. Interestingly enough, the block right across the road from Bedok North Block 708, which will have to collect their tokens at Punggol CC, can collect theirs at Eunos CC.
Anybody have their car repaired at Z1 Automotive (1 Kaki Bukit Ave 6, #01-87, Singapore 417883)? The price they quoted for replacement of shock absorber and wheel bearing are very cheap when compared to other workshop.
Vicom Kaki Bukit is good for a quick inspection. Inspectors are friendly and fast in carrying out their inspection. Feels safe to leave the car in their hands as they seem experienced in handling all types of vehicles.
Behind Kembangan Plaza. There's a few food heaven here... You guys should try eating at Hawa Seafood Restaurant...very very Nice !=D
A new lawn and lookout deck in East Coast Park now offers East Coast residents additional space for recreational activities.
"ABC Waters @ Siglap Canal is an example of innovative use of space at our canals so that vibrant community focal points can be created for communities to gather and bond by the waters," said PUB's Chief Sustainability Officer, Mr Tan Nguan Sen.
This is the latest ABC Waters project at the downstream 230m section of the 3.2km-long Siglap Canal - from East Coast Parkway to the sea - and comes after two earlier projects to upgrade the upstream section.
In 2015, an upstream section of the Siglap Canal near the Kampong Kembangan Community Club (CC) was decked over to create an activity plaza for various community activities.
Besides installing an upgraded covered linkway to provide connectivity options for nearby residents, upgrading works were also done at Telok Kurau Primary School to enable outdoor learning experiences for its students.
Community centres taking part include Braddell Heights CC, Kampong Kembangan CC, Kampong Ubi CC, Toa Payoh East CC and Woodlands. CC
Over her lunch at Braddell Heights CC on Wednesday, Ms Lee, 44, said: "This is the only place out of public view that we can eat at.
Fellow ambassador Chan S.K., 44, echoed her sentiments. He has been eating lunch at Braddell Heights CC since Monday.
Parking warden Kohgulan Sivalingam, 35, who was eating in the designated area at Kampong Ubi CC for the first time, enjoyed the air-conditioning.
Among the Victoria School B Division hockey players, Jangra Aditya is considered a late starter, having taken up the sport only three years ago.
Yet the left-wing forward emerged as their hero on Tuesday (May 17) by scoring a hat-trick to help his side beat Raffles Institution 3-0 in the National School Games final.
Playing without their injured captain K Ashvin, 2019 runners-up Victoria School drew first blood after just three minutes when Jangra scored, to the delight of the supporters who were still streaming into the Sengkang Hockey Stadium.
Zion Bishan Bible-Presbyterian Church resumed English services for 250 people in September 2020, before the changes of Heightened Alert.
One of the best heartland malls with a great mix of food and beverage options. The shop mix offers good variety and includes shops like Pet Lovers, NTUC and Sketchers. In addition, this mall has a cinema by Golden Village which is well kept and clean. Overall, Junction 8 allows one to stay in Bishan without the need to travel into town, but if you need to, the Bishan MRT stop is just next door, as good as attached to Junction 8 (which in fact, is linked at Basement 1!).
Junction 8 is not so big shopping centre as compared to Nex. However, it has everything under one roof.
J8 was an interesting mall next to AMK Estate. I like the restaurants here like Canton Paradise, Dian Xiao Er, Swensens and Ding Tai Fung. Occasionally also meeting friends for coffee here in Ya Kun or Coffeebean or Toastbox. My favourite shop Future State is here too. Also like to watch movies in Golden Village here in J8.
Two of the three new Covid-19 clusters announced yesterday involve 22 people, including 16 staff, at the Bishan and Sengkang bus interchanges, said the Ministry of Health (MOH).
There were five new cases linked to the Bishan bus interchange, taking its total to nine. Four new cases were linked to the Sengkang bus interchange, taking its total to 13.
SBS Transit said in a statement on Saturday night that about 97 per cent of its bus captains have been vaccinated as at Aug 12.
Meanwhile, My First Skool at 54 Chin Swee Road had five additional cases on Saturday, bringing its total to 17 cases.
The cluster at SAFRA Tampines has grown by three cases to 15 cases.
So glad that finally after decades, the coffee shop is now being renovated. We are looking forward to the renovated Kim San Leng Coffeeshop! 511 Bishan Street 13, S(570511)
After closing briefly for a facelift, Bishan's popular Kim San Leng Kopitiam will soon reopen for business. The revamped coffeeshop also houses two new famous stall tenants, Chef Wei HK Cheong Fun and King of Fried Rice, which are opening tomorrow (Dec 23).
Seeking witness for this bicycle accident. Happened on 5/6/21 (Saturday). Location: Running track (Bishan Park Connector) behind Kuo Chuan Presbyterian Secondary School
Speaking on the sidelines of the Voice-for-Change carnival at Kuo Chuan Presbyterian Secondary School on Friday (June 29), Madam Halimah said: "It does not only benefit the beneficiaries - most importantly, it helps the young volunteers themselves develop character and leadership capabilities, and that will help stand them in good stead."
Proceeds from the carnival will be split equally to the school's six partner beneficiaries - HCA Hospice Care, Movement for the Intellectually Disabled of Singapore, Presbyterian Community Services, Bishan Home for the Intellectually Disabled, Lions Home for the Elders and Reach Community Services Society.
Judging competitions at Bishan Sport Hall for Trampoline Gymnastics Singapore Open Championship 2019.
No clear signage from roadside. Venue hidden behind slope. Had difficulty locating the area as a visitor to Bishan to collect free active health mat. I had to contact Bishan Sports Hall twice for clear direction to reach it.
Is there any sheltered walkway from Bishan MRT to Bishan Swimming Complex?
Masjid An-Nahdhah at 9A Bishan Street 14 is very peaceful and quiet. But I don't think it's like that when there's a game next door at Bishan Stadium
Bishan North Shopping Mall is a cluster of Blk 279 to 284 excluding Blk 281 which is residential block. The multi-storey carpark can be quite confusing to access. Its entry is from Blk 283 just before KPT Coffeeshop.
Go to Ang Mo Supermarket at Bishan North Shopping Mall for cheap toiletries and groceries. Then head to the KPT Kopitiam for yummy Roti Prata, or mala.
Bounded by Bishan Street 22 and Bishan Street 23, Bishan Active Park is a large park and field opposite Catholic High School that is designed to be able to host and accommodate large scale events.
The Bishan Community Club is also home to many chess federatioms, which organises courses for learners.
A woman, accused of not wearing a mask at Shunfu Mart near Upper Thomson Road was charged in the district court on Tuesday (May 5) with one count of being a public nuisance and three counts of violating Covid-19 rules.
JadeScape is a redevelopment of the former Shunfu Ville, which Qingjian Realty purchased en bloc for $638 million in May 2016.
The project, on Shunfu Road, is located within a short walking distance of the Marymount MRT station on the Circle Line.
According to Qingjian, the project will be the first residential development to adopt a 
The design architect of JadeScape is Japanese architect Paul Noritake Tange, chairman of Tange Associates. Recent projects in Singapore designed by the renowned architectural firm include One Raffles Place Tower 2; Orchard Gateway, which features a bridge spanning across Orchard Road; and The Rochester, a mixed-use development at one-north.
Kong Meng San Phor Kark See Monastery is the largest Buddhist temple in Singapore, and I would argue that it's probably the most beautiful Buddhist temple in the country.
The monastery is located 88 Bright Hill Rd, Singapore 574117, next to Bright Hill MRT Station Exit 2.
Students at Eunoia Junior College (Eunoia JC) kicked off their new academic year with a 1km march from Bishan Active Park to their new campus in Sin Ming Avenue on Monday (Jan 6).
Representatives from the school had started the symbolic 14km relay earlier in the morning, marching from the Mount Sinai campus, located in Ghim Moh, to the new Bishan campus via Rifle Range Road and the Central Nature Reserve.
With the gradual opening of our nation in phase 3 of the battle against the pandemic, we are happy to announce that residents can start using the Eunoia JC facilities on the weekends: (1) the elevated track on top of Marymount CC (2) indoor courts for more badminton slots and (3) outdoor field for those that love frisbee.
Unfortunately there are no parking facilities within Marymount CC. However, there are carparks including a multi storey carpark just across the road near the Salvation Army Headquarters
Before you rush down to All The Batter at 17 Jasmine Road / Adelphi Park off Upper Thomson Road, do note that it is open only during the weekends.
Casuarina Curry at 136 Casuarina Road is hugely popular among the morning breakfast crowd for several good reasons.
Though not the best we've tasted, they are the only Vietnamese joint in the whole of Upper Thomson. Address: 215M Upper Thomson Road
Nestled in the Sembawang Hills Estate neighbourhood at 4 Jalan Kuras is Thus Coffee, a chic cafe that offers stellar grain bowls, pasta, brunch, hearty stews and coffee.
Word Cafe is a Muslim-owned cafe that exudes hipster-esque vibes. They are also very popular for their rainbow bagels. 906 Upper Thomson Rd Singapore 787110
A massive fire in a Jurong industrial area raged for more than two hours and triggered loud explosions on Friday (June 21), killing one and leaving two people injured.
The fire at 43 Jalan Buroh, which involved hundreds of highly flammable liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) cylinders of various sizes, was described by the Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) as the largest LPG fire it had to combat.
He started off as a technical officer at YTL PowerSeraya's Jurong Power Station and then worked his way up to become a Deputy Manager at Tuas Power Generation's Tuas Power Plant later.
In 2015, he took up a grant by Tuas Power Generation to study at NUS School of Engineering, today the NUS College of Design & Engineering
The Transocean Norge rig was built by Sembcorp Marine at the Tanjong Kling Shipyard in Singapore between 2012 and 2016.
After Sembmarine has consolidated its operations at its integrated Tuas Boulevard Yard, the group is expected to realise cost savings estimated at SGD48m per annum from its financial year 2020.
The Singapore Food Agency (SFA) said on Friday (Oct 22) it is investigating Catering Solutions over meals it provided to residents of Westlite Jalan Tukang Dormitory at 11A Jalan Tukang.
Our 1st BTO 45sqm 2 room home and we loving it here West Ridges @ Bt Batok
She then wrote to her school Millennia Institute (MI) to ask if she could go back and finish her course the next year. 
Located in western Singapore, Dulwich College (Singapore) is a National Curriculum for England school for 2 to 18-year-olds. 71 Bukit Batok West Ave 8, Singapore 658966.
West Mall is a neighbourhood mall and located next to Bukit Batok MRT station.
Not sure why Bukit Batok Polyclinic is so special that it charges you $4 for "inconvenience fee" for rescheduling of doctor's appointment. Address: 50 Bukit Batok West Avenue 3, Singapore 659164
Long waiting time for red zone patients (those w cough/flu/fever) at Bukit batok Polyclinic...need to queue to register despite making an appointment the night before and registering in advance on the Health Hub app.
We send a parcel to Pakistan via Singapore Post Bukit Batok Central Branch 1 Bukit Batok Central Link, #05-09 West Mall, Singapore 658713, on 21 December 2020, at 16:58 hrs, consisting of 2 Uniqlo Sweaters, worth SGD39.90 and SGD 19.90.
Arrived at 7.05pm and denied access but allowed some guys before me to enter and collect their parcel. What is so difficult allowing someone like me who travelled from Changi after work all the way to West Mall to collect a parcel?
West Mall is accessible from 8am onwards, and post office should be open along with other brands such as Cold Storage etc. Let them redeliver or redirect to Westgate. Post Office is a Service Provider and should meet residents needs.
Bukit batok Bus Interchange next to West Mall, Bukit Batok MRT station with plenty of shopping banking local Int'l delights supermarkets entertainment and amenities including cinemas library and Bukit Batok community club. 
Walking distance to Civil Service Club @ Bukit Batok with Westwood Bowl. Walking distance to Bukit Batok Central Park and Bukit Batok Neighbourhood Park
Vegetarian bee hoon is the best. Can't find these kind anymore. Blk 273 Bukit Batok East Kopitiam, Singapore 650273
Bought itea.sg new mango sago pomelo from their Tiong Bahru Plaza branch and found extra ingredient inside. Notified them on Facebook but no respond.
Unknown white car speeding along MacRitchie Viaduct and changing lane dangerously from rightmost lane to CTE exit.
Don't understand what a 24hr coffee shop is for?! Lights off at 11pm, fans off at 11pm when customer are still all around? Then what do you call yourself a 24hr it's coffee shop for?! Might as well just close off and don't open at night? Who is the one incharge?! Just work for the sake of working?! How do the customer even continue eating??? NTUC FairPrice what is this??? 476D Upper Serangoon View
The amount of motorbikes in the morning at Woodlands Checkpoint
Met a ridiculous cyclist this morning (20th May 2022 at 09.37am) on Stevens Road, I was driving along Stevens Road and turning left into Anderson Road, while I was turning, a cyclist continued to cycle on the pedestrian despite the light was red, to make it worst, he kicked my car when he cycled past me.
Chain collision happen on 20/05/22 at about 12:26pm in the afternoon. Incident happen at Ang Mo Kio Ave 1.
Rodents infestation at behind Blk 10 Telok Blangah Cresent.
WC Tham is at Blk 6 Tanjong Pagar Plaza Hawker Centre. Loading/Unloading Lot Became Private Parking Lot..!!?
Very disgusting and smelly every day need to pass by this area, and I can not believe this is Singapore HDB flat, the dustbin area just next to the lift that we need to take everyday. Tanjong Pagar Town Council, can u do something about this, Block 37 Jalan Rumah Tinggi.
There is this new restaurant Yum Yum Mookata inside this building on level 1 at 2019 Bukit Batok Industrial Estate Park A .
Isuzu lorry changing lane abruptly without signaling after traffic junction of Lentor Ave and Yishun Ave 1.
Guys from International French School Singapore fighting with boxing gloves in public void deck now at Blk 157 Serangoon North Ave 1.
Mercedes car failed to conform to traffic red light signal at the junction of Woodlands Ave 1 and Street 32.
Hi sir, I am reporting a very serious mosquito breeding at Blk 79 Indus Rd S(161079).which might lead to a dengue fever cluster.
On Monday 9th May, we parked our car at Ang Mo Kio Ind Park 1, near to Block 4008 from morning 9am to evening 7:30pm.
Several vehicles spotted failing to conform to traffic red light signal at the junction of Buangkok Green and Hougang Street 93.
An Fire incident happening on the 15/05/22 at 12am. SCDF were Alerted and put off The pire at Blk 180C Marsiling Road. Three persons were conveyed to KK Women's and Children's Hospital
Anchorvale McDonald's Runs out of muffin bun for breakfast.. staff didnt inform me also
Cyclists failed to look out for traffic and ride across the road dangerously from a pavement at the junction of Marshall Road.
The incident happen at 261 Serangoon Central Dr and involved the KED of a Coffee Shop on the ground floor of the blk. 
Fried Baby Squid Prawn Mee - Address: 154 Bukit Batok Street 11, Yong Xing Mian Jia Coffeeshop, Singapore 650155
Get Together Coffee Shop (177 Bukit Batok West Avenue 8, Singapore 650177 )is located 15 minutes away by bus from Bukit Batok MRT Station, which is unfortunately not very convenient. However, if you live in the West, this beats travelling halfway across Singapore to satisfy your hawker cravings!
The 34th confirmed case works at Yong Thai Hang (17A Cavan Road, Singapore 209850) and was identified as a close contact of Cases 19 and 20, who work in the same shop. On Feb 4, the woman was placed under home quarantine and admitted to NCID two days later. She lives at Sin Ming Road.
The 35th confirmed case is a taxi driver with no recent travel history to China and, as of Feb 8, no links to previous cases. He reported symptoms on Jan 30 and visited Bukit Merah Polyclinic on Jan 31. He was admitted to SGH on Feb 6, and tested positive for the infection a day later. Prior to admission, he largely stayed at home at Henderson Crescent after the onset of symptoms. He also visited Redhill Market and a hawker centre at Bukit Merah for meals.
The 36th confirmed case had attended a business meeting at Grand Hyatt Singapore (10 Scotts Road), the same meeting as Cases 30 and 39, as well as several cases overseas. She had not travelled to China recently but had been in Johor Bahru from Jan 25 to Jan 28. The woman also visited a family member at Ng Teng Fong General Hospital prior to her admission and lived at Bukit Batok St 31. On Jan 24, she reported onset of symptoms and visited a GP clinic on Feb 1. She was admitted to KK Women's and Children's Hospital on Feb 4.
The 37th confirmed case is a private-hire driver with no links to previous cases or recent travel history to China. He reported symptoms on Jan 30 and visited two GP clinics on Feb 1 and Feb 3. On Feb 6, he was admitted to Ng Teng Fong General Hospital. He tested positive on Feb 7 and was transferred to NCID the next day. He lives at Jurong East St 32.
The 38th case had visited The Life Church and Missions Singapore in Paya Lebar, which is also linked to Cases 8, 9, 31 and 38. She had no recent travel history to China. On Feb 3, she reported the onset of symptoms and visited Choa Chu Kang Polyclinic the next day. She was admitted to NCID on Feb 7, and tested positive for the infection a day later. Prior to hospital admission, she had also visited Marina Bay Sands, Chinatown and Plaza Singapura and had travelled by public transport. She lives at Choa Chu Kang Ave 3. 
He lives in Jurong West Central. On Feb 16, MOH said that the man has fully recovered from the infection and has been discharged from hospital.
The man then sought treatment at Hougang Polyclinic on Feb 6 and at Tan Tock Seng Hospital on Feb 7. Prior to hospital admission, he had visited Paya Lebar Methodist Church at 5 Boundary Road and attended a gathering at Braddell Heights Residents' Committee. He also picked up his grandchild outside Pat's Schoolhouse Kovan in Upper Serangoon Road.
He reported symptoms on Feb 1 and sought treatment at a GP clinic on Feb 3, before going to Changi General Hospital (CGH) on Feb 5. He then went for a follow-up appointment at Bedok Polyclinic on Feb 7 and was admitted to the intensive care unit at CGH. Prior to hospital admission, he had visited Mustafa Centre and stayed at Leo Dormitory at 25 Kaki Bukit Road.
The 43rd case had not travelled to China recently, but visited Malaysia on Jan 26. On Jan 30, he reported the onset of symptoms and visited two GP clinics on Jan 30, Feb 5 and 6. He then sought treatment at Sengkang General Hospital on Feb 6 and was warded in an isolation room a day later. Prior to hospital admission, he had stayed at home at Fernvale Close, except for trips to seek medical treatment and once to work at Resorts World Sentosa.
The 44th case is a Certis Cisco officer who served quarantine orders on two people from Wuhan. He went to Khoo Teck Puat Hospital on Feb 6, where he was isolated and warded. He tested positive for the coronavirus on Feb 9. He works at the Certis Cisco Centre at 20 Jalan Afifi in Paya Lebar, and has no recent travel history to China. Prior to being admitted to hospital, he had been on duty at Chingay 2020. Chingay took place on Jan 31 and Feb 1.
The 45th case, a two-year-old girl, was among the 92 Singaporeans evacuated from Wuhan on Jan 30. She did not have symptoms when she boarded the flight, and was put under quarantine after landing in Singapore. She was referred to KK Women's and Children's Hospital on Feb 7 based on initial test results and isolated.
Case 46 lives in Johor Bahru and works at Resorts World Sentosa Casino in Singapore. The Singapore permanent resident reported the onset of symptoms on Feb 5, and sought treatment at a GP clinic on Feb 9. He was transferred to Tan Tock Seng Hospital by ambulance on the same day.
The 47th case is a Bangladesh national who works at 10 Seletar Aerospace Heights, the same place where case 42 worked. The Singapore work pass holder reported the onset of symptoms on Feb 6 and sought treatment at a GP clinic the next day. He stayed at his rental apartment at Veerasamy Road since the onset of symptoms, except to visit the GP clinic.
The 48th case is a 34-year-old Singaporean man who lives in Bukit Batok Street 25. He is an employee of Grace Assembly of God Church and went to work at the church branches in Tanglin and Bukit Batok before being hospitalised. He had no recent travel history to China but was in Malaysia on Jan 26. Prior to hospital admission, he had visited Plaza Singapura, Star Vista and Fusionopolis.
The 49th case is a 46-year-old Singaporean man who lives at Toh Guan Road. He is an employee of Grace Assembly of God Church and went to work at the church branches in Tanglin and Bukit Batok before being hospitalised. He went to the emergency department at the National University Hospital (NUH) on Feb 8 and was discharged on the same day. He was admitted to NUH on Feb 10, and test results confirmed COVID-19 infection the next day and was warded in an isolation room at NUH.
Case 50 is a 62-year-old Singaporean man who works at DBS. Prior to hospital admission, he went to work at DBS Asia Central at Marina Bay Financial Centre.
Case 51 is linked to the cluster at Grace Assembly of God Church. The man lives at Bishan Street 13.
He reported the onset of symptoms on Feb 7 and since then, stayed mostly in his rental apartment at Campbell Lane. He works at Seletar Aerospace Heights, the same location where cases 42 and 47 worked.
The 53rd case works at the National University of Singapore and is linked to the cluster at Grace Assembly of God church.He stayed mostly at home at Hillview Avenue and had not interacted with his NUS colleagues and students after the onset of symptoms.
Prior to hospital admission, she had mostly stayed at her home at Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5, except to seek medical treatment.
Prior to hospital admission, he went to work at Pulau Bukom and attended mass at the Church of Christ the King in Ang Mo Kio. He lives at Mei Hwan Drive, off Ang Mo Kio Ave 1.
He lives at Jalan Kelichap, off Upper Paya Lebar Road.
He went to the emergency department at Mount Elizabeth Hospital on Feb 12 and was conveyed by ambulance to NCID the next day. Prior to hospital admission, he had mostly stayed home at Wilkinson Road except to seek medical treatment.
He went to Ng Teng Fong General Hospital on Feb 9 and Pioneer Polyclinic on Feb 11 and Feb 12. Prior to hospital admission, he reported that he had mostly stayed at home at Jurong West Street 64, except to go to work for a day at Legacy Office Supplies at 56 Senang Crescent.
She reported that he had mostly stayed at home at Tanjong Pagar Road, except to seek medical treatment.
Before hospital admission, she went to work at PUB and self-isolated at Marisson Hotel Bugis at 103 Beach Road. She lives at Potong Pasir Avenue 3. One level at the Environment Building, where she works, was disinfected on Friday after her case was confirmed.
He lives at Jurong West Street 81.
She attended church services at Church of Christ the King at 2221 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 8. She lives at Mei Hwan Drive.
He attended God's Kingdom Bread of Life Church at 37 Jalan Pemimpin.
Prior to being admitted, she attended Bethany Presbyterian Church at 364A Paya Lebar Road.
Prior to being admitted, she worked at HipVan Singapore office at 19 Kallang Avenue.
Prior to being admitted, he visited Marina Bay Sands Casino and went to work at Aim Heng Car Service at Woodlands Industrial Park. He lives in a rental apartment at Woodlands Crescent.
Case 73 is a 43-year-old Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) regular serviceman. He works at Building 613 of Tengah Air Base, but has not been at work since Feb 6, said the Ministry of Defence. He was identified as a close contact of Case 51, who works at both of the church's branches in Tanglin and Bukit Batok, and was served a home quarantine order on Feb 13. He lives at Lorong 8 Toa Payoh.
He sought treatment at Alexandra Hospital on the same day, and again on Feb 15, when he was admitted. He tested positive for the infection on the same afternoon. Prior to being admitted to hospital, he went to work at Hi-Yew Technology at 3031A Ubi Road. He lives at Mei Ling Street.
Before she was served a quarantine order, she had gone to work at FoodXchange @ Admiralty, 8A Admiralty Street, S(757437). Her job function at FoodXchange does not entail the handling of food. She lives at Woodlands Crescent.
Prior to hospitalisation, he had mostly remained at his home at Lower Delta Road.
Prior to hospital admission, he had gone to work at Philemon Singapore, which is at 16 Kallang Place. He lives at Rivervale Drive.
Prior to hospital admission, she had gone to work at Lonza Biologics - located at 35 Tuas South Avenue 6 - and visited had Bugis Junction.She lives in the Aljunied Road area.
Case 86 is a 24-year-old Singapore Institute of Technology student from Singapore, with no recent travel history China. Prior to hospital admission, he mostly stayed at home at Bukit Batok East Avenue 5.
MOH said the couple was not ill when investigations were being carried out, but records showed that Case 91 went to the emergency department at Sengkang General Hospital on Jan 26 with symptoms consistent with COVID-19.
A 47-year-old Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) regular serviceman was found dead at a multi-storey car park at Gombak Base on Monday (Aug 23), the Ministry of Defence (MINDEF) said late on Monday night.
The death was non-training related, said MINDEF in a news release.
The man was found hanging from a rope at the rooftop of the car park at MINDEF HQ, and was pronounced dead on site at about 1.40pm by an SAF medical officer, said the ministry.
"The Singapore Police Force and the Singapore Civil Defence Force were activated by the unit," said MINDEF.
The terrorist organisation gained notoriety after the Sept 11, 2001 attacks in the United States by the Al Qaeda terrorist group, which had strong links to JI.
Attacking shuttle buses ferrying US personnel between Sembawang Wharf and Yishun MRT Station
A three-minute video taken by a JI member includes a man describing the vulnerabilities at Yishun MRT Station, while regular Singaporeans go about their day around him.
Reconnaissance photographs released by ISD on Saturday showed the PUB Woodlands booster station, Bukit Panjang service reservoir along Fajar Road and the water pipeline at Bukit Timah Nature Reserve.
The 2003 White Paper had also named the water pipelines at the Causeway and the PUB Bukit Timah Water Works opposite KK Women's and Children's Hospital as targets.
Bombing the US, Israeli Embassies and the High Commissions of UK and Australia
It involved the use of truck bombs to attack the US and Israeli Embassies, the Australian and British High Commissions, and commercial buildings that housed American firms, ISD said.
He wanted us to get information about Sembawang Naval Base.
The 2003 paper noted that one of the items discovered in the possession of JI leader was a map, which indicated a possible sea-borne bomb attack using a small vessel against US ships travelling eastwards from Sembawang Wharf.
The butcher stall, called Quan Shui Wet Market, is located at Block 156 Bukit Batok Street 11. It has been operating there for 22 years.
Bt Gombak Market killing residents - the fish very expensive and the market have no way to run to safety in case of fire. How did SCDF pass fire safety inspection for this area???
373 Bukit Gombak is a mini Geylang Serai in the west to my wife's opinion. What she needs mostly are available here. She don't need to go all the way to Geylang Serai. Usually crowded during Ramadhan.
Bukit Gombak Neighbourhood Centre caters to Muslim and Chinese residents. There are a few Coffee Shops, Provision Shops, Fruits Store and a Supermarket.
Bukit Gombak MRT station is within 5 min walk of Bukit Gombak Market. Bukit Gombak Sport Hall and Stadium nearby with facilities to keep you active and healthy.
Great, I used to live here. There's so much life and activity. And now I found that Hong Kah North Community centre which is here has e-waste box that takes more stuff than bulbs and batteries. They take tablets, laptop and screens too.
To consider other ways to reduce the contamination of recyclables, we recently carried out two concurrent pilots on the use of transparent recycling bins at Hong Kah North SMC and East Coast GRC, which was a suggestion from the Recycle Right Citizens' Workgroup to encourage the right recycling behaviour.
Tiong Bahru Yi Sheng Fried Hokkien Mee is situated at ABC Brickworks Food Centre, located at 6 Jln Bukit Merah Singapore 150006, a 10-minute bus ride from Commonwealth MRT Station.
Four MPs, including Ms Denise Phua (Jalan Besar GRC) and Dr Intan Azura Mokhtar (Ang Mo Kio GRC), had asked about the MOE's plans to equip students with digital literacy skills.
Orchid Park Secondary School has been piloting the use of personal learning devices with its Secondary 1 students from last year. All 280 students in that cohort have a Chromebook each, on loan from the MOE.
Under the morning sun, 89-year-old Mdm Teow Swee Cheow pedals slowly but steadily on a rickety, rusted bike towards Jalan Bukit Ho Swee in Tiong Bahru.
All in a day's work for Mdm Teow,  the oldest volunteer at social service agency Lions Befrienders.
She shares this with CNA as she sits across from her longest current beneficiary, 82-year-old Mr Leow Ah Eng, in his North Bridge Road flat.
The Bukit Ho Swee fire displaced 16,000 kampung dwellers from their homes and killed four villagers in its wake 
A razed village - image from the National Archives of Singapore
Kampong Bukit Ho Swee was an unplanned township of 20,000 residents living in haphazardly-erected huts made primarily of materials such as wood and zinc. It experienced a population surge after World War II.
On 25 May 1961, a small fire started innocuously enough in a makeshift squatter hut lying on its fringe - a hillside at Kampong Tiong Bahru Road. However, powerful winds that day caused it to escalate into a roaring blaze, carving a sweeping path of destruction. Ferocious flames, further fuelled by oil and petrol from the area's godowns, leapt rather easily across the road to Kampong Bukit Ho Swee.
Since it was Hari Raya Haji, a public holiday, firefighters and police personnel had to be recalled from leave.
The conflagration was only stopped in its tracks by an open space along Ganges Avenue.
This prevented the fire from swallowing up flats across the road. The last of the flames were extinguished later that night at Delta Circus.
To cater to the displaced, schools along Kim Seng Road were converted into temporary shelters.
Two days after the devastating incident, the Bukit Ho Swee Fire National Relief Fund Committee was set up by then Minister for Labour and Law K.M. Byrne.
Following emergency sessions with his cabinet as well as the Housing Development Board, Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew assured victims a day after the blaze that they would be moved into new flats in areas such as Queenstown, Tiong Bahru, and even Bukit Ho Swee itself.
There were several phases to this operation and by 1970, Bukit Ho Swee had successfully transformed into a new residential area boasting 12,500 flats for more than 45,000 residents - the majority of whom were residents of the former kampung settlement.
A watercolour painting of Beo Crescent, one of the estates which rose following the Bukit Ho Swee fire, as depicted by Singaporean watercolourist Ong Kim Seng.
On becoming a statutory board, the Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board, (SEAB) moved out of the MOE HQ building at 1 North Buona Vista Dr. SEAB operates at three centres. SEAB's headquarters is at 298 Jalan Bukit Ho Swee.
We have two other centres which are the Tiong Bahru Examinations Centre (TBEC) on 8 Lower Delta Road, Singapore 169198 and the Margaret Drive Examinations Centre (MDEC).
Beo Crescent Market & Food Centre at 38A Beo Crescent S(169982) is a seldom talked-about small food centre nestled in the heart of Bukit Ho Swee. While the stalls may not be as famous as the nearby Tiong Bahru Food Centre, the whole place gives a very comforting and homely vibes.
I would like to complement the staff of Bukit Merah Polyclinic, it was my first time there and I was somewhat taken a back as unlike other Polyclinics the center was not easy to locate, and overall it seem a little run down.
Entrance is via Blk 162 - you will see a Brinda's restaurant, Phoon Huat Baking, UOB ATMs, Subway, KFC at ground level. Take the lift to 4th floor, no access via Blk 163.
At Bukit Merah Central Food Centre (block 163), you have the option of getting a tray or not - I personally think a tray is a good idea for soupy meals.
Depot Heights Shopping Centre at 108 Depot Rd is a simple shopping center serving the residents of Depot Road, and also the employees of HP (1 Depot Cl, Singapore 109841) and other nearby offices. The shops include NTUC Fairprice, 7-11, small departmental store, food court, restaurant, bakery, salon, clinic. There is a path leading from Telok Blangah Park down to the shopping center without having to go around via Henderson Road.
Speaking at a media doorstop after a visit to family practice A Medical Clinic at Everton Park on Wednesday, Mr Ong said that private doctors had talked about how the price difference for medication between polyclinics and private doctors may deter some patients from visiting private clinics.
URA gazetted the shophouses at Everton Road, Blair Road and Spottiswoode Park Road for conservation in October 1991. The largely quiet and residential enclave became collectively known as the Blair Plain conservation area.
Given its location at a road corner, the shophouse at 9 Everton Road has many unique attributes.
The import-export-wholesale business was headquartered in a five-storey shophouse on Hong Kong Street.
Along Neil Road, two other adjoining shophouses were sold in November and December respectively: the shophouse at 151 Neil Road, sitting on a 3,457 sq ft, freehold site, fetched $7.4 million, while the one at 149 Neil Road, which has a smaller footprint of 3,353 sq ft, changed hands for $7 million.
Two adjoining freehold conservation shophouses located on 43 and 45B Kreta Ayer Road have been put up for sale via expression of interest at an indicative selling price of $50 million or $5,836 psf.
The shophouses are located within the Bukit Pasoh Conservation Area and zoned for commercial use under the 2019 Masterplan. As such, the shophouses are not subject to Additional Buyer's Stamp Duty (ABSD) or Seller's Stamp Duties (SSD). Prominent developments nearby include Kreta Ayer People's Theatre, Oriental Plaza and Kreta Ayer Community Centre, with food establishments along the Neil Road and Duxton Road.
Who turned this badminton court in Jalan Membina into their personal clothes rack to dry laundry?
Stomper Richard, who resides in the estate, came across the unusual sight at the badminton court next to Block 27A Jalan Membina on Saturday afternoon (Sep 4).
In response to a Stomp query, a spokesman for Tanjong Pagar Town Council said on Tuesday (Sep 7): "Our officer has investigated and there are no clothes hung there today.
At Hua Yi Secondary School, for instance, students get to try their hand at new pursuits instead, while at Gan Eng Seng Primary, pupils get the breathing room to learn at their own pace.
Hua Yi Secondary, one of the earliest schools to do away with mid-year testing for all levels, took the chance to organise a "Learning Festival", where students get to explore their interests through workshops and talks.
Hua Yi Secondary removed mid-year exams for the Secondary 1 to Sec 3 levels in 2019, followed by Sec 4 and Sec 5 in 2020.
Another school that has removed all mid-year exams, Gan Eng Seng Primary, dropped them for Primary 4 pupils last year, and will do the same for the Primary 6 level this year.
The Housing and Development Board (HDB) has announced that it will be developing a 398,265 sq ft (3.7ha) site in Bukit Merah into a new public housing estate that will contain about 1,500 flats.
The area was earmarked for future residential development since the 1998 URA Master Plan. As a result of this development plan, the Alexandra Post Office will be acquired by the government to facilitate the planning and design of the future housing projects. The Singapore Land Authority has gazetted the acquisition as of Dec 15.
"The proposed 1,500 HDB flats in Redhill is very appealing, not just in terms of its location but also its connectivity to different parts of the island. It is at the city fringe, within a 10-minute drive or train ride to the CBD," says Lee Sze Teck, senior director of research at Huttons Asia.
He does not expect the flats in this project to fall under the Prime Location Public Housing (PLH) model, the new public housing framework that applies additional eligibility and minimum occupation terms to flats in areas the government deems are in prime locations.
Resale flats in the vicinity of the future estate, such as City Vue @ Henderson, have seen units sell for $620,000 to $1,256,000 this year. "If there is a BTO launch (at the development site) today, the prices for a four-room flat may start from $630,000," says Lee.
In the Build-to-Order (BTO) exercise in May 2021, Telok Blangah Beacon in Bukit Merah saw overwhelming demand with 604 and 3,474 applicants vying for 105 units 3-room flats and 70 units of 4-room flats respectively, based on data provided by PropNex Realty.
"In the HDB resale market, flats in the area also tend to be popular, with buyers willing to pay a premium for choice units. The average resale prices of HDB flats in Bukit Merah estate have picked up this year - 4-room and 5-room units in Bukit Merah have an average resale price of $706,000 and $804,000 respectively in 2021. Bukit Merah estate had 21 HDB flats that were resold for at least $1 million in 2021, based on data retrieved on 15 Dec," says Wong Siew Ying, head of research and content at PropNex Realty.
The site is bounded by Alexandra Road, Prince Charles Crescent and Alexandra Canal. The site is close to Redhill MRT Station on the East-West Line, and road connectivity is through Alexandra Road. The plot is also located beside Redhill Primary School, and nearby Crescent Girls' School, Gan Eng Seng School, and Queenstown Secondary School.
The 115 Bukit Merah View Market and Food Centre - which is at the centre of Singapore's largest open Covid-19 cluster - reopened on Sunday (June 27) after a two-week closure.
However, fewer than 10 stalls out of the 182 at Blk 115 Bukit Merah were open for business when The Straits Times visited at 8.30am.
Feuding neighbours living in Bukit Merah will be linked by a neighbourhood police centre (NPC) to a social service agency at an early stage before the dispute escalates and ends up in court.
In a new pilot scheme under Project Restore, run by social service agency Lutheran Community Care Services (LCCS), Bukit Merah West NPC will refer neighbours at loggerheads to LCCS for help in finding a resolution.
The Community Disputes Resolution Tribunal (CDRT) - which comes under the State Courts - saw 211 cases last year, up from 108 the year before.
Project Restore started in 2019 and, so far, 35 cases have been referred by the State Courts to LCCS. Since LCCS - which is located at 3779 Jalan Bukit Merah - began its pilot with Bukit Merah West NPC in February, four cases have been referred to it.
She was tested for Covid-19 on June 15 as part of MOH's community surveillance testing for visitors to 115 and 116 Bukit Merah View, and was confirmed to have the infection on the same day.
The National Centre for Infectious Diseases has contacted her family and is extending assistance to them, said MOH.
A 43-year-old Indonesian foreign domestic worker was also added to the cluster at Block 105 Henderson Crescent, bringing the total number of cases linked to the cluster to 11.
Meanwhile, a 28-year-old police officer also tested positive for Covid-19.
She is deployed at the Bukit Merah West NPC at 500 Bukit Merah View, and was last at work on June 22.
A 27-year-old Navy serviceman was among the unlinked cases reported on Saturday. The serviceman last visited Tuas Naval Base on June 24.
As a young boy in the 60s, Mr Lim Keng Boon would accompany his parents, who are devout Buddhists, to the Wat Ananda Metyarama Thai Buddhist Temple at 50B Jalan Bukit Merah for prayers.
The temple also gives back to the youth community - it donated some $100,000 in scholarships to 10 primary and secondary schools at the lunch, with Ms Indranee handing out the cheques to the various schools. Another 20 wheelchairs were donated to the Kwong Wai Shiu Hospital.
Tech firm Dyson has begun moving into its new headquarters, which will be opened officially next year, at the historic St. James Power Station.
The first phase of the major restoration that the facility in Sentosa Gateway is undergoing is now complete, the company said in a release on Friday (Nov 19).
Dyson chief executive Roland Krueger said: "We are honoured to bring this iconic building back to life as our global headquarters - Dyson's scientists and engineers will add to its already significant history through the discoveries they make and the technologies they develop.
"We would like to thank the Singapore Government and everyone who made it possible for us to move in ahead of schedule. We look forward to officially opening the space next year."
The company announced plans to turn St James Power Station into its new global headquarters in 2019.
The building, which has a gross floor area of 110,000 sq ft, is expected to double the company's research and engineering footprint in Singapore. Dyson employs about 1,400 people in Singapore, and said in April that it will be hiring 250 more engineers and scientists over the next five years as it expands further into areas such as robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Other firms that have moved into new offices in Singapore this year include Swiss bank UBS and gaming tech firm Razer. UBS officially opened its new Penang Road premises - its largest in the Asia-Pacific region - earlier this week.
Last month, Razer unveiled its $100 million South-east Asia headquarters in business hub one-north in Buona Vista and announced plans to increase its staff strength from 600 to about 1,000 by 2023.
Seventy people, including patients and staff, were evacuated after a fire broke out at Singapore General Hospital (SGH) on Monday afternoon (Aug 19). Preliminary investigations by SGH showed that an electrical component inside a scanner had overheated and emitted smoke, said the hospital's chief operating officer Tan Jack Thian.
The Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) responded to a fire at 1 Hospital Drive, at the basement 1 level of Block 2, at 1.50pm.
Drivers will have to access different parts of the Singapore General Hospital (SGH) Campus through a new network of roads, with three separate routes each leading them to specific areas.
For instance, if drivers want to access the current National Cancer Centre Singapore (NCCS) building or SGH Blocks 2, 3 or 4, they should use either Kampong Bahru Road or Jalan Bukit Merah to enter the hospital via College Road.
To get to Academia, the Singapore National Eye Centre, the Diabetes and Metabolism Centre, and Blocks 5, 6 or 7, they should use Outram Road to enter the hospital's campus via College Road.
The new road network comes amid the opening of the Outram Community Hospital last Saturday (Dec 7) and the construction of buildings such as the new NCCS, Emergency Medicine Building, as well as the Elective Care Centre and National Dental Centre Singapore.
A 73-year-old man has been arrested in relation to a fire that broke out in a unit on the 10th storey of Block 39 Telok Blangah Rise early on Saturday (Jan 29).
This was the third blaze that firefighters had to battle in one night, following separate incidents hours earlier in Bedok and Tampines.
The Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) said in a Facebook post that officers conducted cardiopulmonary resuscitation on a woman who was found lying unconscious on the floor in the unit directly above the fire. She was taken to Singapore General Hospital (SGH).
Saturday's blaze in Telok Blangah comes after fires broke out in two locations in eastern Singapore late on Friday.
At about 10.30pm, SCDF officers rescued an unconscious man trapped inside a burning flat in Block 941 Tampines Avenue 5.
Separately, a fire occurred in a coffee shop at Block 204 Bedok North Street 1 at about midnight. SCDF officers had to break down a bedroom door in the 10th-storey unit to rescue an unconscious man trapped inside. The man was taken to Changi General Hospital.
Telok Blangah House, a freehold mixed-use development located near Vivo City, was put up for collective sale via tender on Monday (March 28) at a guide price of $98 million.This comes after more than 80 per cent of owners by share value and strata area approved the collective sales agreement (CSA) early last month, marketing agent SRI Capital Market said.
The 9-storey project in Telok Blangah Road comprises 33 commercial units and 10 apartments.
More properties are now trying their luck at collective sales following the landmark sale of Tanglin Shopping Centre in the Orchard Road area for $868 million last month.
Last week, freehold commercial building Verdun House in Farrer Park was relaunched for collective sale via tender at $55 million - its third try in four years.
Strata-titled mall Midpoint Orchard is also preparing for a third collective sale bid at around $350 million.
A hawker centre at Blk 79 Telok Blangah Drive will be closed for deep cleaning after a hawker there tested positive for Covid-19.
The Ministry of Health (MOH) had said on Monday (June 14) that a 42-year-old Singaporean man who is a hawker at the centre had developed body aches on June 12 and a fever on June 13. He sought treatment at Singapore General Hospital and later tested positive for the coronavirus.
He is a family member of another Covid-19 case, a cooking assistant at 115 Bukit Merah View Market & Food Centre who tested positive on June 13.
The closure of the Telok Blangah Drive Food Centre for deep cleaning and disinfection as a result of Monday's case was announced in a Facebook post by West Coast GRC MP Rachel Ong on Tuesday night.
She said the National Environment Agency has been working together with the Telok Blangah Shopkeepers & Stallholders Association to engage stallholders and assist them with their concerns and enquiries.
Given the high-tempo and competitive affair in the B Division girls' floorball final between Swiss Cottage Secondary School and Meridian Secondary School on Friday (April 29), student-athletes from both camps would have had a reason to feel dazed.
But by the end of the match which saw Swiss Cottage Sec clinch their first B Division girls' floorball title after a 2-1 penalty shootout win following a 2-2 draw, Meridian Sec's floorballers were indeed seeing double.
Syahidah said that revenge was on the top of their minds going into the final at Jurong Secondary School.
Meanwhile, Bukit Merah Secondary School clinched the B Division boys' floorball title after a 4-3 victory over Victoria School in the final.
All four goals for Bukit Merah Sec, who also won in 2018, were scored by their talisman Muhammad Fattah, including an audacious lob into an empty net from the opposite end of the pitch, late in the game.
Meanwhile, in the B Division hockey final, Crescent Girls' School finally claimed the title after three straight runners-up finishes.
They beat CHIJ St Theresa's Convent (STC) 2-1 in a penalty shoot-out. The match at Sengkang Hockey Stadium had ended 1-1 in regulation. Crescent's Chloe Loh and STC's Sanjana Vivekanadan were the scorers. This was Crescent Girls' first championship since 2014 while STC were the 2017 winners.
Thirteen of the COVID-19 community cases reported in Singapore on Wednesday (Jun 16) are linked to the Bukit Merah View cluster, said the Ministry of Health.
Two students were among the 13 cases linked to the Bukit Merah View cluster - one studying at CHIJ St Theresa's Convent and another at Gan Eng Seng school.
There were also two stall assistants who work at Zhangde Primary School's canteen and Tiong Bahru Yong Tao Hu at 56 Eng Hoon Street.
The case is a cleaner at 375 and 376 Clementi Avenue 4 who is employed by AO ServicePro.
Stallholders at Redhill Market and Food Centre (Blk 85 Redhill Market) will undergo mandatory swab tests after a COVID-19 case recently visited the market.
The police are looking for three men to assist with investigations into a case of loanshark harassment reported at 10 Telok Blangah Crescent, 113 Bukit Purmei Road and 9B Boon Tiong Road on Jan 2, 12 and 28 respectively.
And a hornbill's stomach was likely the last destination for one such pet bird, as that hornbill attacked and pulled said bird from its cage at Block 115 Bukit Purmei Road in a video sent to Stomp on Monday (Aug 16).
Minister of State for Social and Family Development Sam Tan told The Straits Times at the official opening that as "Singapore's first smart CC", Radin Mas CC could act as a "test bed" for other community clubs in the Republic.
Noting that Radin Mas is a mature estate, with about one third of its residents aged 50 and above, he said: "Piloting these digital initiatives here is a good way to see how our elderly residents respond to them.
Other than the digital initiatives, Radin Mas CC is also the first in Singapore to be co-located with a voluntary welfare organisation, the Singapore Children's Society. On another floor, residents can also visit the NTUC Health Senior Day Centre.
The six-storey Radin Mas CC also boasts new facilities such as a performing arts studio and a culinary studio.
Deputy chairman of the People's Association Chan Chun Sing, who attended the opening and toured the various facilities, said later in a Facebook post: "In a way, the upgrading of this CC is symbolic of how we build Singapore - we partner Singaporeans and the wider community every step of the way, and we take active steps to take care of those who need help the most."
Siblings Ng Li Yan and Ng Yong Jun enjoying ice cream bars sandwiched between wafer biscuits that they bought from Mr Chieng in Bukit Purmei.
Mr Chieng Puay Chui, 73, who is more fondly known as Uncle Chieng, is peddling ice cream in Bukit Merah and the surrounding estates. The grandfather of six has been selling ice cream for 56 years, 27 of which was spent parked outside Ngee Ann City in Orchard Road.
Mr Chia Boon Cheok supplies ice-cream bars to independent hawkers like Mr Chieng Puay Chui at an HDB block in Kim Tian Road.
Recounting the incident, Mr Chieng said he and his wife were caught in the rain near Alexandra Road while they were travelling between housing estates.
The 36-year-old pest control worker and his wife dashed down the stairs to escape the blaze, which occurred in Blk 3 Telok Blangah Cres at around 8pm on Monday (Sept 6).
In response to Mothership.sg queries, the police said the incident occurred at about 8:45am that day at the car park of Block 249 Bangkit Road.
All staff at Punggol Bus Interchange and Toa Payoh Bus Interchange will be tested for Covid-19 after clusters were detected at these places on Thursday (Aug 26).
There are 11 cases linked to Punggol Bus Interchange, comprising 10 employees and a household contact of a staff member.
The Toa Payoh Bus Interchange cluster has 25 cases, all of whom are staff working there.
In its daily update, the Ministry of Health (MOH) said it is investigating both clusters, adding that all close contacts of cases will be placed in quarantine. With these, there are four active Covid-19 clusters linked to bus interchanges, including those in Bishan and Sengkang, which were both announced on Aug 14.
The cluster at Sengkang Bus Interchange remained at 22 cases, while the Bishan Bus Interchange cluster grew to 21 cases, with two infections added on Thursday.
The ministry also announced a third new cluster with three infections at Bangkit 257 Coffee House in Bukit Panjang.
Tucked away in the north-western part of Singapore, the usually quiet neighbourhood of Bukit Panjang is now buzzing with election fever - more so than in the past few General Elections (GEs) where the hustings largely came and went.
Bukit Panjang Single Member Constituency (SMC) has been a traditional stronghold for the ruling People's Action Party (PAP), with incumbent Member of Parliament Teo Ho Pin, 60, racking up handsome wins in the 2006, 2011 and 2015 polls.
But residents said they expect a keener contest this time, following Dr Teo's retirement from politics and the Singapore Democratic Party's (SDP) decision to field a senior leader in the single seat ward. 
Mdm Sophia Pang, 51, a Bukit Panjang resident of over 25 years, noted that Dr Teo had enjoyed strong support because of his work in the constituency and rapport with the residents. Dr Samuel Chng, 31, who has lived in the estate since he was born, observed that both PAP and SDP are campaigning harder in this GE, compared with the past two elections that he had been eligible to vote in.
In the last GE in 2015, the pair had faced off against each other as part of their respective parties' teams in Holland-Bukit Timah Group Representation Constituency (GRC).
Mr Liang, who is a managing director at DBS bank, entered politics in 2006 after the PAP won Holland-Bukit Timah GRC uncontested.
Dr Tambyah, a senior infectious diseases consultant at the National University Hospital, made his electoral debut in the 2015 GE, where he was part of SDP's Holland-Bukit Timah GRC team led by party chief Chee Soon Juan. 
Bukit Panjang New Town was initially known as Zhenghua. The first batch of Housing and Development Board (HDB) flats in Bukit Panjang New Town was completed in 1986. Several blocks of flats are more than 30 years old, with Fajar Hills being the only Build-To-Order project completed in Bukit Panjang in the last five years
There are four private residential developments in Bukit Panjang. The latest condominium built was Eco Sanctuary in 2016.
Among the amenities which are popular with residents - as well as people living in nearby housing estates - is the Bangkit Art Street located near Block 258.
Bukit Panjang had been a single seat ward up till 1991, when it was subsumed into Sembawang GRC. In 2001, it became part of Holland-Bukit Panjang GRC
The electoral success enjoyed by Dr Teo and the PAP in Bukit Panjang was reflected in the residents' general satisfaction in how the estate is being run, based on TODAY's interviews with more than 20 residents.
In 2017, the Bangkit Market was renovated and became what is now known as the Bangkit Art Street. However, the popularity of the Bangkit Art Street has resulted in insufficient car-park lots for residents living in nearby blocks.
About four years ago, a mechanised car park was piloted beside Block 259A Bangkit Road, to ease the car park crunch. It was one of three sites that were part of the HDB pilot programme. The others were along Yishun Avenue 4 and Changi Village Road.
Another issue raised by residents is the Bukit Panjang Light Rail Transit (LRT) system, which has been operating since 1999. Since December last year, the LRT trains only operate in one direction during off-peak hours.
Another resident, Mr J M Aw, 25, who stays in Pending Road, said his parents travel to Fajar to work using the LRT. "There is no straight bus to Fajar from my house. During non-peak hours, my parents are affected (by the one-way service)," he said.
Chestnut Nature Park is Singapore's largest nature park. Found along the western edge of the Central Catchment Nature Reserve, it can be accessed by car via Chestnut Avenue, close to Bukit Panjang.
The closest bus stop is at Block 202 Petir Road, a 2 km walk away.
Instead, if you start from Chestnut Drive and make your way north along the trail, the trail ends at a hut. From here, you can choose to press onward - out of Chestnut Nature Park - to Zhenghua Nature Park
The Urban Redevelopment Authority launched the tender of a residential site in Dairy Farm Walk on Thursday (Oct 21), which is expected to garner a good number of bids from developers. Spanning 15,663 sq m, the parcel in Upper Bukit Timah has a maximum gross floor area of 32,893 sq m and can accommodate about 385 units.
The Dairy Farm Walk site is located in a quiet enclave close to nature, near to the Bukit Timah Expressway and around 10 minutes' walk to Hillview MRT station. It is also next to the German European School.
Its closing will be batched with another confirmed list site, the Housing Board executive condominium parcel in Bukit Batok West Avenue 8.
I loved seeing the happiness on residents' faces, and the joy and excitement that came with giving back," said the Greenridge Secondary School student.
This spurred her to join Project Y.O.U. - the youth initiative of Thye Hua Kwan Moral Society's (THKMS) charity arm, Thye Hua Kwan Moral Charities - in January last year.
The Paddy Project team, comprising 160 students from tertiary institutions like the Singapore University of Technology and Design and ITE College Central as well as Project Y.O.U., has been busy. Over the next three weeks, the truck will stop by said schools to recruit more volunteers - who will, in turn, reach out to households in need located in heartland neighbourhoods such as Bukit Panjang, Bedok North and MacPherson.
THKMS is a non-profit group which operates more than 90 programmes and services such as the Ang Mo Kio-Thye Hua Kwan Hospital.
A member of the public who was driving to Fajar Shopping Centre was shocked by a "crazy and arrogant foreign guy" who suddenly hit his car for no reason.
On a rainy Sunday morning (Aug 1), some Bukit Panjang residents may have been awoken by their MP's voice being blasted through a speaker.
I just want to inform everyone that we will be distributing ART (antigen rapid test) self-test kits," said Mr Liang Eng Hwa, the MP for Bukit Panjang, at 10.50am.
Within 10 minutes, some made their way down to a collection centre set up at a community pavilion at Block 443 Fajar Road.
The Ministry of Health (MOH) had on Saturday night announced that it is working with the People's Association to distribute ART self-test kits to residents living in the vicinity of Fajar Market at 446 Fajar Road and of 497 Jurong West Street 41 Market.
The distribution exercise is part of MOH's efforts to ring-fence cases linked to the growing Jurong Fishery Port cluster.
Three or more Covid-19 cases were linked to Fajar Market, one of 43 markets and food centres that have been linked to the fishery port cluster thus far.
Mr Liang told The Straits Times on Sunday that more than 30,000 kits had been prepared for distribution to those living within a radius of about 1km from Fajar Market.
In the first 30 minutes of distribution at Block 443 Fajar Road - one of 11 collection points for Bukit Panjang residents - only about 30 to 40 residents came to collect the kits.
Another resident, Madam Ponirah Rabu, said she had yet to decide if she would use the kit immediately upon reaching home. She collected her kit at another distribution point at Block 234A Bukit Panjang Ring Road.
In Jurong, ART self-test kits are available at seven collection points, said Mr Xie Yao Quan, an MP for Jurong GRC, in a Facebook post on Sunday.
Elsewhere, residents of Block 556 Ang Mo Kio Ave 10 and Blk 510 West Coast Drive turned up for mandatory Covid-19 tests on Sunday.
Compulsory testing was also completed for residents and visitors of five other housing blocks in the past week, with the results yet to be announced by MOH. The blocks are: 3 Teck Whye Ave, 357 Yung An Rd, 438 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 10, as well as 430 Clementi Ave 3 and Blk 445A Clementi Avenue 3.
In this example, there are a few bus routes (922, 972, 976) from Bukit Panjang Interchange.
Bus stop Blk 485, at Segar Road, is the nearest Bus Stop in this case. At 11am, we reached Fajar LRT station.
Bukit Panjang is particularly blessed in the mall department, with major malls like Hillion Mall. And you also have the older Bukit Panjang Plaza. Still, with a FairPrice Finest, Harvey Norman, the various banks and a public library (plus a whole lot of food options), it is still a very viable option.
Closest Minimart is at Blk 465, while the closest cofee shops are located at Blocks 485 and 547.
For preschools, there is a My First Skool located next to Block 485 (Segar Grove BTO)
In this example, the unit is located away from the precinct pavilions, located at Block 475 and Block 479 respectively.
There is direct connectivity to Zhenghua Park Connector Network, from the back of the development
The development is flanked by two major expressways, the KJE and BKE. Certain stacks may face traffic noise.
Using Block 477 Segar Road as an example, you'll find that there are 86 units with a mix of both 4 and 5-room flats.
SkyVille@Dawson is notorious for its lift waiting times, with 8 units per floor sharing 
In Block 477's case, we have two lifts, with six units per level which is all right.
In its second update on the coronavirus situation in Singapore on Monday (June 7), the Ministry of Health (MOH) said that the infectious persons had been to Giant supermarket at Fajar Shopping Centre located at 445 Fajar Road on May 24 between 12.30pm and 1pm and May 28 between 3.05pm and 3.40pm, Giant supermarket at Greenridge Shopping Centre located at 524A Jelapang Rd in Bukit Panjang on May 25 between 7.35pm and 8.10pm, Choa Chu Kang Columbarium at 51 Chinese Cemetery Path 4 on May 30 between 3.50pm and 4.50pm and Sheng Siong Supermarket at 446A Fajar Rd on May 31 between 7.40pm and 8.10pm and June 1 between 7.35am and 8.10am
Bukit Panjang residents in Senja estate now have an underground linkway connecting them to a third entrance of Bukit Panjang MRT station.
The new entrance - Entrance C - connects the MRT station to a 100m underpass. This means residents no longer have to cross a busy junction at the intersection of Bukit Panjang Road and Woodlands Road.
The linkway will serve as many as 50 housing blocks, or about 8,000 households, in the area.
The underpass entrance is a short walk from amenities and places such as West View Primary, Pacific Healthcare Nursing Home and Senja Soka Centre.
The underpass was opened by Holland-Bukit Timah GRC MPs Vivian Balakrishnan, Liang Eng Hwa and Teo Ho Pin on Saturday afternoon (Feb 10).
Bukit Panjang MRT station, which opened in December 2015, is the western terminus of Downtown Line 2.
The Land Transport Authority agreed to a third entrance in 2013 after lobbying by Holland-Bukit Timah GRC residents and MPs.
Senja Parc View, comprising Blocks 636A-C Senja Road is one of the newer HDBs in Bukit Panjang. In fact, it was part of the October 2010 BTO launch along with another non-mature launch at Sengkang, Anchorvale Horizon.
It was designed by architect 3PA with notable residential developments in their portfolio such as Sophia Residence and Cairnhill Residences.
Senja Parc View is not within walking distance to an MRT or any mall.
There are two entrances and exits into the development, one of which is shared with the neighbouring HDB called Senja Gateway. If you had taken the first entrance along Senja Road, you would be greeted with a large blue sign that says Senja Gateway - this would certainly be confusing to first-time visitors, but a non-issue to residents nonetheless!
The rooftop garden is only directly accessible via an unsheltered link bridge at block 636B.
But while it looks great, it certainly does not sound great here given how close the Kranji Expressway (KJE) is.
Let's now head down to the ground level to check out what facilities Senja Parc View has to offer residents. First stop - we have the childcare centre located on level one of block 636C. Just outside, you'll find the Central Plaza. This Central Plaza is actually located right in the middle of all three blocks, and from here, it really does not look like much.
However, the actual playground isn't located here, but rather behind Blk 636C. Around the corner of this playground, you'll find the only sheltered pavilion (next to the loading/unloading bay). This one is not as big as the one that I saw in Clementi Cascadia, but it's certain sizeable enough to sufficiently hold events.
Just like Keat Hong Mirage, Senja Parc View's location in Bukit Panjang naturally means that residents here can easily connect to the Bukit Batok Town Park (Little Guilin), Bukit Batok Nature Park, Bukit Timah Nature Reserve, Dairy Farm Nature Park, and Zheng Hua Park.
The downsides to the location are obvious - it's far from the MRT which also happens to be where Hillion Mall, Bukit Panjang Plaza and Junction 10 are located. And neither is it very close to an LRT station.
The good news is that residents can take a quick 4-minute walk to the bus stop along Woodlands Road.
First impressions do count. That's reinforced once we first saw the pictures of Senja Heights, Senja Ridges and Senja Valley. The staggered heights of the each project look great on its own. We're sure once completed, the collectively picture of these staggered towers would provide a stunning panorama. Will that be enough to make these 3 Senja peaks attractive enough?
Jelapang LRT station primarily serves these Senja projects. From there it is a short 2-stop ride to Bukit Panjang MRT Station on the Downtown line. The train ride to Central areas, such as Orchard and Downtown is approximately 25 mins and 35 mins.
For amenities, the closest retail malls are Junction 10, Bukit Panjang Plaza and Lot One. They're not exactly walking distance, with Junction 10 and Bukit Panjang Plaza some 1.3 to 1.4km away. 
Lot One is furthest, and you'd need to take the LRT 7 stops to get there. For quicker errands, there's also the smaller Greenridge Shopping Centre within walking distance (9min). The new Bukit Panjang Hawker Centre and Market is 4 LRT stops away.
And if you look closely at the site plan for Senja Heights, there's a hawker centre planned next door, to give greater convenience to residents! HDB is also planning to integrate a supermarket and some shops within Senja Heights.
Ngee Ann Polytechnic will terminate the employment of a lecturer who confronted an inter-ethnic couple and made racist remarks to them earlier this month.
It has officially charged Mr Tan, a senior lecturer at Ngee Ann Polytechnic School of Engineering, with serious breach of its staff code of conduct and is proceeding to terminate his service.
The account against Mr Tan surfaced when Ms Nurul, now an electrical engineering undergraduate at the National University of Singapore, took to social network Instagram last week to claim that she was on the receiving end of Islamophobic comments made by Mr Tan in class.
With the re-opening of the Green Corridor in 2021, outdoor activities have seen a second wind, rising rapidly in popularity. Hiking trails are now more accessible than ever, yet there are still some that few people know about. One such trail is found in Clementi Forest.
Despite being just a stone's throw away from King Albert Park MRT station, the trail remains relatively empty throughout the day.
Because of this, there are several entrances to the forest; we found that the best one is located right by the bus stop opposite Ngee Ann Polytechnic.
These are what remains of the Old Jurong Railway, which transported raw materials between Jurong Industrial Estate and Malaysia in the 60s.
When we arrived at Sunset Way a little after 9am, there wasn't too much open yet.
Beauty World Centre and Bukit Timah Shopping Centre are nostalgic relics. The arrival of an MRT station at their doorsteps six years ago has not wrought much change in these sleepy malls, cluttered with tuition centres and maid agencies.
It used to be that you'd have to be in front of Jin Xi Lai (Mui Siong) Minced Meat Noodle at Jalan Besar super early. They expanded to Tampines and Bukit Merah, but now there's one more location you can head to at the 7th Mile Coffeeshop, at 18 Toh Yi Drive, near Beauty World MRT Station.
Upper Bukit Timah Road will turn two-way from 6am on Friday (April 2) with the completion of a new city-bound road, shortening journeys for motorists driving in the direction of Dunearn Road and Clementi Road and easing congestion in the area.
The major road project was announced in 2015 and is aimed at easing jams near Jalan Anak Bukit.
The project involves the construction of a 400m city-bound, three-lane road between Jalan Jurong Kechil and Clementi Road, passing by much-frequented buildings in the area including Bukit Timah Market & Food Centre and Bukit Timah Plaza.
This provides motorists with an alternative way to the city, helping to distribute traffic away from the busy Jalan Anak Bukit and Jalan Jurong Kechil intersection.
The MP for Holland-Bukit Timah GRC wrote: "Many of our residents would have noticed that the stretch of Upper Bukit Timah Road near Bukit Timah Market and Food Centre, Pei Hwa Presbyterian Primary School and Bukit Timah Plaza will be transformed to a dual carriageway come April 2.
With the new road, motorists travelling from the Toh Tuck, Toh Yi and Bukit Batok estates via Jalan Jurong Kechil can turn right at the junction with Upper Bukit Timah Road to get to Dunearn Road, Clementi Road or the city.
Mr Glenn Wee, 29, who works at Bukit Timah Plaza, said he has been driving to and from work every day for the last three years. The relationship manager at a bank said: "Previously, I had to go one big round at Jalan Jurong Kechil to reach Bukit Timah Plaza."
Mr Wee, however, wondered if the new road might help with congestion on Upper Bukit Timah Road near Ngee Ann Polytechnic between 7.30am and 8.30am, when parents take their children to school.
As part of the project, the entrance to Bukit Timah Plaza's drop-off and pick up point will be relocated from Upper Bukit Timah Road to Jalan Anak Bukit from Friday.
The newest residential project by JG Land is a pair of freehold terrace houses in the highly desirable Beauty World neighbourhood. The new development is called The Fore and it consists of two semi-detached houses at 47 Tham Soong Avenue and 59C Yuk Tong Avenue.
This site was picked for its prime location in the Beauty World area as well as its walking distance to Beauty World MRT station on the Downtown Line. This means that they offer unparalleled access to a mix of food & beverage options along nearby Cheong Chin Nam Road.
The Beauty World area has also been earmarked for rejuvenation, spearheaded by the development of a new integrated transport hub around the MRT station as well as a mixed-use development along Jalan Anak Bukit. 
The houses are also close to Bukit Timah Shopping Centre and Beauty World Plaza. It will also be attractive to families with school-going children as popular schools in the vicinity include Bukit Timah Primary School, Methodist Girls' School, National University of Singapore, and Hwa Chong Institution.
Several green spaces and nature zones are a short distance from The Fore such as Bukit Timah Nature Reserve and the Singapore Botanic Gardens. These verdant parks are ideal for exercising, a leisurely stroll, or to soak in the lush greenery at the end of the day.
Another residential landed development by JG Land are two semi-detached houses at 18 and 18A Lorong J Telok Kurau. This pair of five-bedroom landed houses are collectively called N18 and were launched for sale in September 2021.
The properties are in the highly desirable Katong neighbourhood in District 15. This makes them close to many shopping and F&B destinations in the East Coast area. Popular food options include Dunman Food Centre and Old Airport Road Food centre, while the Katong area is well-known for its cafes and restaurants.
The properties are also close to several popular shopping malls in the area such as Parkway Parade, i12 Katong, and Kinex. They are also in proximity to Paya Lebar Central which features SingPost Centre, Paya Lebar Square and PLQ Mall.
For families with school-going children, N18 is also close to popular schools in the area such, CHIJ (Katong) Primary School, Tao Nan School, St. Patrick's School, Ngee Ann Primary School, and Victoria Junior College.
East Coast Park is just a few minutes' drive from N18 making it a convenient green space to exercise, engage in water sports, or soak in the scenic coastline.
You might want to skip the likely snaking queues at Tanjong Pagar and opt for Omma Korean Charcoal BBQ at Holland Village - 21 Lor Mambong, Singapore 277680, or Bukit Timah - 20 Cheong Chin Nam Road, Singapore 599744
Coronation Shopping Plaza is located at 587 Bukit Timah Road, within walking distance of Tan Kah Kee MRT Station and Botanic Gardens MRT Interchange.
His distance broke the 17.68m record set by Hwa Chong Institution's Wong Kai Yuen in 2011.
The set-up at the National Junior College (NJC) is supported by the Singapore Food Agency and food technology start-up Life3 Biotech.
Minister for the Environment and Water Resources Masagos Zulkifli, who was the guest of honour at NJC's 50th College Day celebrations, described the initiative as "timely".
But earlier this year, the Singapore Food Agency set the nation a target - to produce 30 per cent of its nutritional needs by 2030.
The idea for the facility came about when Mr Ricky Lin, the founder of Life3 Biotech, visited his former General Paper teacher, Dr Lim Yi-En, last year. Mr Lin is a National Junior College alumni from the 1999 cohort.
For the past one month, NJC student Shahul Hameed has been testing the type and intensity of light that will encourage vertically farmed plants to grow taller and increase their yield.
Mr Charles Teng, vice-principal for administration at Methodist Girls' School, said that the school first implemented staggered dismissal time in 2020.
Many other schools including Naval Base Primary School, Nan Chiau Primary School, Yishun Primary School and Singapore Chinese Girls' School also have similar staggered dismissal times.
On Tuesday (Jan 11), a 61-year-old man was arrested for a rash act causing hurt after he threatened to run down a 62-year-old security officer with his Bentley outside Red Swastika School. Union of Security Employees general secretary Raymond Chin said that the driver had cut the queue of cars waiting to enter the school.
Every weekday at about 7am, a line of cars can be seen queueing along Bartley Road, waiting to enter Maris Stella High School to drop off their children.
The Straits Times visited three schools - Maris Stella High School, Nanyang Girls' High School and School of The Arts (Sota) - on Thursday morning to check out the traffic situation.
At Maris Stella High School and Nanyang Girls' High School, a steady stream of cars entered the school at about 6.45am, with a long queue forming at about 7am.
Housewife Julia Soh, who drove her daughter to Nanyang Girls' High School and her son to Hwa Chong Institution, said: "There are parents sending their kids to school, people taking public transport and people going to work."
At SOTA, about two to three cars entered the school every five minutes from 8.15am, as many students were still doing home-based learning. A security guard was stationed at the pedestrian crossing at Zubir Said Drive to direct oncoming cars into the school's main entrance.
Mr Bernard Tay, chairman of the Singapore Road Safety Council, said that road safety is a shared responsibility.
The seller of a unit at Yong An Park, at 331 River Valley Road, made the top gain of $8.7 million over the week of Aug 31 to Sept 5. Located in District 9, Yong An Park was completed in 1986 and has 288 freehold units. It is an eight-minute walk to the upcoming Great World MRT Station on the Thomson-East Coast Line.
The second top gain made over the week - a 56% profit of $3.15 million - was at The Tate Residences, at 21 Claymore Road. The Tate Residences, in District 9, comprises 85 freehold units and was completed in 1997. It is a 10-minute walk to Orchard MRT Station on the North-South Line.
A unit sold at Maple Woods, at 993 Bukit Timah Road in District 21, made the third largest gain over the week, netting a 184% profit of $2.8 million for the seller. Maple Woods comprises 697 freehold units and was completed in 1997. It is a two-minute walk to King Albert Park MRT Station on the Downtown Line.
On the other hand, the most unprofitable deal of the week was the resale of a 1,389 sq ft unit at Mon Jervois, 39 Jervois Rd in District 10.
The mall at 9 King Albert Park was once home to McDonald's Place, which housed a McDonald's and Cold Storage as well as McDonald's corporate headquarters. It was sold to Oxley Holdings for S$150 million in 2012 and was redeveloped with several other developers into KAP Residences Mall and a private residential component upstairs.
9 Leedon Park is a bungalow house located in tropical Singapore. 
A final 18-month extension has been granted to tenants at Turf City until Dec 31, 2023, said the authorities on Thursday (Sept 30). In a joint statement, the Singapore Land Authority (SLA) and the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA) said that development plans for the Turf City site are being studied, with land preparation works scheduled to start after Dec 31, 2023.
The SLA, which has been managing Turf City since 1999, leases the site for lifestyle and recreational uses on an interim basis.
One of the tenants, Bukit Timah Saddle Club, has been asked to return an affected area from the first half of 2023. The area, which is about 0.8ha within its tenanted boundary, is needed for a worksite to support tunnelling works for the Cross Island Line, said SLA and URA. "Agencies will work closely with Bukit Timah Saddle Club to minimise any disruption to their business operations," they added.
Mr Rajesh Mulani, 51, co-owner of The Cage, which has both football and futsal pitches at Turf City, said that finding another suitable location in Singapore would not be easy."It's going to be tough to rebuild this momentum," said Mr Rajesh, who has another venue in Kallang.
Starting from Commonwealth Ave West, Ulu Pandan Park Connector runs through the Ghim Moh estates, Dover MRT station and the Holland Grove estates. Crossing Clementi Road, it links back to cut across the Clementi and Sunset estates, before leading you towards Ayer-Rajah Expressway (AYE). 
Thereafter, continue to follow the Ulu Pandan Park Connector up north and it will eventually lead you to the Pan Island Expressway (PIE), completing the 7.1KM walk. Keep your eyes and ears peeled for the Red-Capped Woodpeckers, Kingfishers, as well as the White Egrets that might dart into the canal for a drink. 
Try to catch sight of the tall Grey Heron (Andrea cinerea) that wades slowly in the shallow waters of Sungei Ulu Pandan while using its bill to prey on fish. 
You might also catch sight of the magnificent Purple Neck Heron perching on the opposite bank of Sungei Ulu Pandan. Certain sections along the Park Connector are covered in lush greenery, providing a rustic charm.
The Upper Peirce Reservoir Park is a serene and tranquil park nestled just next to the Upper Peirce Reservoir. 
The reservoir, together with the MacRitchie Reservoir, the Lower Peirce Reservoir and the Upper Seletar Reservoir, bound the Central Catchment Nature Reserve. The nature reserve acts as a water catchment for the reservoirs in the area. 
In the late 1960s, increasing demand of water led the government to examine the feasibility of increasing the capacity of the Peirce Reservoir. A higher dam was then constructed upstream of the existing dam in 1970. The Upper Peirce Reservoir was completed in 1975 and officially opened by then Prime Minister Mr Lee Kuan Yew on 27 February 1977.
MacRitchie Reservoir is Singapore's oldest and largest reservoir. Part of the Central Catchment Nature Reserve, this gem is fringed by some of the last bits of Singapore's primary forest, and the surrounding greenery is home to more endangered species of plants and birds besides. 
Take a stroll along the Prunus-Petai Trail, a 2km boardwalk close to the entrance of MacRitchie Reservoir Park. You'll be rewarded with beautiful views of the calm forest against the backdrop of dense forest, and close-up sightings of various plants and wildlife, including the Singapore Rhododendron, clouded monitor lizards and orange-bellied squirrels. 
Can't get enough of the boardwalks? Check out Chemperai and Jering Boardwalk to the west of the park's entrance too. This is part of the Lornie Trail, which forms a loop with the section that runs through the forest. 
Don't be fooled by Lornie Trail's relatively short length (2km one way). This route will challenge you just enough with its hilly terrain. 
If you've got a few hours to spare, travel deep into the forest on the 10.3km MacRitchie Nature Trail. This is an uphill climb towards Venus Link, so be prepared to work those glutes, hamstrings and quads. 
This route connects to Terentang Trail and Peirce Track, which will bring you to the crowd-drawing TreeTop Walk for a bird's eye view of the forest canopy. A fitting reward for your hard work. 
Challenge yourself to the full 11km loop around the reservoir, which will bring you through a variety of landscapes - from scenic boardwalks and shady forests to Jelutong Tower and the open track at Golf Link.
Mention Changi, and Singapore's airport immediately comes to mind - a favourite hangout spot even for locals. One of the many reasons why people love Changi Precinct is because of all that it offers, from authentic local food over at Changi Village to famed cafes like The Coastal Settlement. Read on to find out more about what you can do in Changi Village!
The Changi Chapel & Museum takes visitors on a tour chronicling the history of the POWs and civilians held within these walls.
Changi Village is a place of rich heritage and history due to its geographical position during World War II, where prisoners-of-war (POW) and civilians were held captive by the Japanese. 
Get started at the Changi Chapel & Museum in Singapore, where you can view prized artefacts such as photographs, drawings and letters by the POWs and take a complimentary guided tour around the site. To date, Changi Chapel & Museum has amassed almost 5,000 pieces of documents from the POWs during the war. 
Round the bend at Upper Changi Road North into Cosford Road, you will see Johore Battery looming ahead. It is a full-sized replica built in 2002, based on the main British coastal artillery defence network on the north-eastern coast of Singapore.
Visiting the historical sites littered around Changi Village requires walking up gradual inclines. 
If you prefer to be chauffeured around with a guide in the cool comfort of a bus, you can consider signing up for a Changi WWII tour that starts from Pasir Ris MRT Station, covering the sites mentioned above, including a drive past Selarang Barracks, before ending at the Kranji War Memorial - the final resting place of thousands who perished in the war. 
However, do note that the tour will end at Kranji MRT Station, and you will have to make your own travel arrangements back to Changi. 
At the time of writing, Changi Chapel & Museum at 1000 Upper Changi Rd North, Singapore 507707 has officially reopened its doors, so visitors will view the revamped exhibit.  
Alight after 16 bus stops at the Changi Museum (after Changi Women's Prison / opposite Changi Heights condominium) 
Take a stroll down Changi Coastal Boardwalk and look out for thriving wildlife along the mangrove coasts such as mudskippers, starfish and crabs.
Changi Village is situated next to the coast, and a cool way to experience it is to hit the Changi coastal boardwalk for a slow jog or brisk walk when the tides are low - one of the top things to do in the East for a fun-filled weekend. Look out for thriving wildlife along the mangrove coasts such as mudskippers, starfish and crabs and make sure you have a spare memory card for your camera to capture all the wildlife in action!   
Those who prefer water sports can swing by Adventure Paddlers at Ohana Beach House, 159W Jalan Loyang Besar, Singapore 507020, off Changi Village to check out the list of items available for rental such as stand-up paddle boards, kayaks, or sea cycles and water trampolines for kids, making it a great idea for family get-togethers or couple dates. 
You may also choose to sign up for a unique kayak eco-tour that will chart the journey right across Pulau Ubin  (pulau means island and Pulau Ubin is one that is off Changi but still part of Singapore), along a secured route where very few have ventured.Paddlers taking a wefie on board three kayaks near the mangrove coast line at Pulau Ubin
If you want to try something more adventurous, you can head down to Changi Point Ferry Terminal to catch a 10-minute bumboat for S$4 to Pulau Ubin for some off-road cycling. Thrill-seekers can seek out Puaka Hill, the highest peak in Pulau Ubin standing at 74 metres tall that takes about 20 minutes to conquer.
While at Pulau Ubin, nature lovers can also cycle to Chek Jawa - a wetland area and home to one of Singapore's richest ecosystems. You can then take a stroll down the boardwalk and head up the 20-metre tall Jejawi Tower for an amazing view of the sea, above the towering tree canopies.
Cycle with caution as the journey from the jetty to Chek Jawa consists of rugged terrain. 
When it comes to the Changi Village Hawker Centre, their famed Nasi Lemak is a must-try!
It'd be a sin to leave without trying the food at Changi Village. The Changi Village Hawker Centre is a good starting point, where a must-try is nasi lemak (coconut rice served with a variety of side dishes). You can pick between International Muslim Food Stall Nasi Lemak (#01-03), known for their fluffy coconut rice and their highly raved sambal chilli (a spicy paste made from a variety of chilli peppers and ingredients like garlic, shrimp paste, lime juice and more) and Mizzy Corner Nasi Lemak (#01-26), who is known for the fragrant rice and crispy fried chicken - both have their loyal supporters and are equally worth queuing for.
The delicious chicken hor fun (rice noodles) from Weng Kee Ipoh Hor Fun (#01-04) is also not to be missed, served with succulent fried chicken meat atop a mound of slippery rice noodles covered in a generous drizzle of gravy, this stall in Changi Village Hawker Centre never fails to draw a queue. 
Beyond Changi Village Food Centre, you can get your food and coffee fix at The Coastal Settlement, a laid-back casual dining restaurant surrounded by lush trees with a view of the sea. It's located at 200 Netheravon Rd, Singapore 508529
Wind down your day by the coast at Little Island Brewery Company (6 Changi Village Road, Singapore 509907) for some fresh, locally-brewed craft beers and casual western cuisine.
This Pasir Ris chalet is located in the Downtown East Area, which is perfect if your goal is to go cycling at East Coast Park or rub shoulders with some of the local gangs in the area (just kidding, there are kid-friendly activities to do too, such as Wild Wild Wet).
Unlike the East Coast chalets of yore, D'Resort actually looks somewhat modern. Address: 1 Pasir Ris Close Singapore 519599
Civil Service Club Changi operate two chalets in Changi, CSC Changi I and CSC Changi II, previously known as Aloha Changi chalet. Address: 2 Netheravon Road Singapore 508503 / 30 Netheravon Road 508522
These bungalows can only be booked by current and past NS men who have signed up as members of NSRCC (National Service Resort and Country Club).
Other than NSRCC members, SAFRA members and NS men also get preferential rates, while ordinary Singapore citizens pay less than non-citizens.
The National Service Resort and Country Club Changi is located at 10 Changi Coastal Walk Singapore 499739.
The Chevrons is a club for SAF warrant officers and specialists who get special rates (from $120/night, off peak), but members of the public can book their double-storey chalets too. Address: 48 Boon Lay Way Singapore 609961
One of Aranda Country Club's biggest draws is that they've got a Ten Dollar Club KTV lounge on the premises. By renting one of their rooms, you'll get to stumble to bed right after a drunken Jay Chou warbling session.
And because it's also a Downtown East chalet, you'll also get to enjoy the sun, sand and sea in the daytime. The chalet is also located right next to Wild Wild Wet.
You get discounted rates if you are a member of Aranda Country Club or NTUC. Address: 60 Pasir Ris Drive 3 Singapore 519497
Today, Thales employs 2,100 people in Singapore across all its business areas, with 4 sites across the country (21 and 28 Changi North Rise; 12 Ayer Rajah Crescent and Digital Factory @ WeWork in 5 Temasek Boulevard). 
A new aircraft hangar at Changi Air Base East will produce 30 per cent more electricity than it uses, as part of the Singapore Armed Forces' drive to help meet national targets in tackling climate change.
The hangar for the Republic of Singapore Air Force's A330 Multi-Role Tanker Transport (MRTT), which took two years to build and will be completed later this month, is the Singapore Armed Forces' first net positive energy building.
In addition, the Ministry of Defence has commissioned net zero energy buildings - the Ordnance Engineering School building in Kranji Camp III and the Headquarters Army Combat Engineers Group building in Seletar Camp - which are fully solar powered.
In another effort, a joint collaboration between the SAF, National Environment Agency and the Defence Science and Technology Agency (DSTA) resulted in a waste management system to turn recycled food waste into energy.
To counter the effects of rising sea levels, Mindef is working with agencies like the Housing Board on Singapore's first polder development at Pulau Tekong - first announced in 2016.
Stomper Shammir was frustrated when he had trouble getting a seat for two at the Starbucks located at Keat Hong Community Club on Saturday (Nov 18). 
Shammir informed Stomp that there is a studying space in the community club and that Choa Chu Kang Public Library is located just across the road at Lot One.
For better or worse, in sickness and in health, this is one hawker stall that will never betray you. Located directly behind Lot One Shoppers Mall and Choa Chu Kang Interchange, Seng Huat at 37 Choa Chu Kang Loop, Singapore 689675, is one of the few long-established hawker stalls at CCK 302 Foodhouse that have withstood the test of time. 
Hi, my girl just posted to Kranji Sec School, any parents can share about the school discipline, learning environment, cca, etc. Thank you.
A PCF Sparkletots centre in Choa Chu Kang has closed after two children from the same household tested positive for Covid-19.
The centre, PCF Sparkletots @ Brickland at Block 801 Keat Hong Close, is closed from Wednesday to Thursday for deep cleaning and disinfection of the premises and equipment, and contact tracing is under way, she said.
A fire broke out at Yew Tee Industrial Park today (Sep 29) at around 2pm.
I'd never spent much time in Choa Chu Kang before but, driving to Windermere at 26 Choa Chu Kang Street 64, I immediately had a good feeling about it.
The man was arrested for public nuisance, uttering words with intent to wound the racial feelings of others, and voluntarily causing hurt, following a report lodged about an incident in Choa Chu Kang Drive on Friday (May 7), said the police in a statement, adding that investigations are ongoing.
The woman, private tutor Hindocha Nita Vishnubhai, 55, told The Straits Times on Tuesday that she went to Jurong Police Division Headquarters at noon and narrated the incident to an officer. Madam Nita also accompanied the officer to the scene of the alleged incident.
Madam Nita, an Indian Singaporean, was brisk walking from Choa Chu Kang MRT station towards Choa Chu Kang stadium at about 8.30am on Friday when the alleged assault took place.
Named Blue Riverview because the estate runs alongside the Sungei Sembawang, this HDB was built in 2001 (so it is 21 years of age right now). 
One advantage of the location is also being next to the Sembawang Park Connector, from here, you can actually walk/cycle all the way to the Woodlands Park Connector (which can get you all the way to the Woodlands Checkpoint). 
Although the main attraction would probably be Causeway Point as the upgrades for Woodlands as the next regional centre is clustered there. 
And while being next to the river is a definite plus, we do have to caution you that this isn't exactly like Hougang Capeview, where the views of the water are pretty open. Lining the sides of the Sungei Sembawang is a thick mass of green, so you'd want to aim for a higher floor here should you want some views. 
Other than that, you are about a 10-minute walk away from Sembawang MRT station. The most prominent mall (Sun Plaza) is in the vicinity as well so it's certainly not too far away. There is a Giant Express within the estate, and a food centre close by, so amenities are within easy reach. 
The last apartment was an Executive Flat at 469B Admiralty Drive that sold for $500,000 at a spacious size of 1,528 square feet. 
764 Choa Chu Kang North 5 - one of the biggest advantages of this area is that you are bordering Stagmont Park. It's a decent-sized one, with playgrounds, exercise equipment, and a basketball court. Blocks 763, 764, 767, and 771 have an advantage of the unblocked park views as well. 
Besides getting your daily exercise at the park, you can also head across the road to the Choa Chu Kang Swimming Complex and Sports Hall. 
Going by the closeby Choa Chu Kang North Park Connector can take you to Limbang Shopping Centre and market, as well as towards the Pang Sua Park Connector - where it's a much more scenic walk along the canal. 
In terms of transport, Yew Tee MRT Station is just about an 8-minute walk away, and there are other amenities to be found there too, such as Yew Tee Point and Yew Tee Market. For other malls, Lot One will be just under a 10-minute drive away. 
On the school front, Kranji Primary and Yew Tee Primary School are within a close walk, as is Regent Secondary School. 
912 Jurong West Street 91 Nanyang Emerald is the oldest apartment on this list. It was built in 1988, and so is currently 34 years of age. 
If you are a family on the lookout for schools, you are sandwiched between Xingnan Primary, and Juying Primary and Secondary School as well. The massive Nanyang Technological University is located across the PIE so you could be covered nearly all the way in terms of schools.
Beyond schools, the other positive of the area is that you can walk to Yunnan Garden via the overhead bridge across the PIE.
While you do have several eateries nearby, a Boon Supermarket and Prime Supermarket, Pioneer MRT station is too far of a walk at 17-minutes away. Your best bet for a shopping mall is probably Jurong Point, at under a 10-minute drive. 
You do have Nanyang Community Club nearby though, with a food court, KFC, and Subway to boot. The last unit sold here was an Executive Maisonette that was sold for $542,888 at a size of 1,571 square feet.
224 Pasir Ris Street 21 received a fresh coat of paint not too long ago, with the new neutral grey colour a lot more pleasing to the eye than the previous light blue. It was built in 1993 so it currently has a good 70 years left of lease remaining. 
Immediately, you'd find Sea Shell Park just across the road.
Within walking distance is a Giant supermarket, and a whole array of neighbourhood shops (hardware stores, bakeries, and the like), as well as various eateries and Block 441 Pasir Ris Market. 
White Sands and Pasir Ris MRT station will require you to drive (about 8-minutes), and there will be further upgrades to the area when Pasir Ris 8 and Pasir Ris mall are up sometime in 2025. 
You do also have a whole host of schools around the area (Pasir Ris Primary, Pasir Ris Crest Secondary, Casuarina Primary, White Sands Primary, and Loyang View Secondary), so families with school-going children will be quite pleased to see that. 
Currently though, Pasir Ris MRT is a 23-minute walk away so you'd just have to wait for the future Pasir Ris East station on the Cross Island Line. The station will be situated along Pasir Ris Drive outside the Pasir Ris NPC (which is really nearby), so there's some future upside here. 
531 Choa Chu Kang Street 51 - some people may overlook this location as it isn't the closest to an MRT station. Yew Tee station is about 12-minutes away, and Choa Chu Kang station is about 20-minutes. 
You'd probably be happy with Limbang Shopping Centre (and wet market) at your doorstep. There's an NTUC Fairprice here, a food centre, small shops, as well as a Mcdonald's. 
We think the best part about the location is that it faces the restricted area of Kranji Camp, but it's just a green patch to you so you get a good unblocked view. You can also walk to Limbang Park, where there is a playground with multiple slides, a basketball and a street soccer court. 
You can visit Ng's cai png stall at Keat Hong Market, 253 Choa Chu Kang Avenue 1.
On a smaller scale, POSB launched its first solar-powered ATM kiosk in Ang Mo Kio to mark Earth Hour in March this year.
Under this programme, which involves various government agencies and is co-led by HDB and the Economic Development Board (EDB), the aim is to accelerate the deployment of solar PV systems in Singapore and drive the growth of Singapore's solar industry.
One example is the solar PV systems installed on the rooftops of HDB flats in Choa Chu Kang Avenue 5 by Sembcorp Solar Singapore, which won the SolarNova tender in 2018.
image
Apart from SolarNova, statutory board JTC has been working to install solar panels in its estates with more than 14,000 businesses through the SolarRoof and SolarLand programmes.
The JTC SolarLand project in Changi Business Park covers 11.6ha of interim vacant land and is expected to generate electricity for the national grid over the next 20 years, equivalent to powering approximately 3,365 HDB four-room flats annually.
In the Central Business District, the Ocean Financial Centre has one of the largest solar PV system for a high-rise commercial building in the area. This covers more than 400 sq m of roof space.
Just last month, real estate agency ERA launched its Asia-Pacific headquarters in the building that used to be the Toa Payoh Entertainment Centre, with green initiatives targeted at environmental sustainability.
The solar installations at 37 out of the 57 Shell service stations are expected to be completed by the second quarter of 2022.
At Gardens by the Bay, 496 solar panels are fitted atop seven out of 18 Supertrees, with another 240 solar panels installed at the Far East Organisation Children's Garden and its headquarters. "The solar panels in Gardens by the Bay generate an average of more than 67,000 kWh of electricity per year, which is enough energy to light up our Supertrees at night. We are looking into using more solar energy, and have started feasibility studies on how we can increase solar energy production by next year," said Gardens by the Bay chief operating officer Thomas Seow.
Oasis Primary School has 1137 pieces of solar panels with a total capacity of 613.89 kWp.
According to Mr Ngiam Shih Chun, CEO at the Energy Market Authority, has seen strong growth in the installed capacity of solar PV systems, from around 60MWp in 2015 to more than 630MWp as at 2021.
In response to queries from The Straits Times, the MOE said on Tuesday (Feb 9) that a girl from Concord Pri Sch in Choa Chu Kang had fallen while doing a zipline activity in the school as part of her co-curricular activities (CCA).
Police personnel bringing Teck Whye Lane Temple murder suspect Loh Suan Lit, 47, to Blk 15, Marsiling Lane for a re-enactment in this file
The gold chains on the religious statues and loaded donation box at a Chinese temple in Teck Whye Lane caught the eye of a man who had been unemployed for four months.
On Monday, Loh was also given an additional two years' imprisonment for breaking into a vegetarian food stall in Beauty World Shopping Centre on Feb 3 that year and stealing S$812 worth of items.
Court documents showed that Loh, who was last employed as a cleaner at the National University Hospital in October 2015, had financial difficulty and was receiving a financial aid of S$350 a month from the Community Development Council.
Struggling to make ends meet, he decided to steal from the Choa Chu Kang Combined Temple.
Armed with a hammer, saw, screwdriver and chisel on Feb 13, Loh went to the Choa Chu Kang Combined Temple at 10pm planning to steal, only to find that there were still people there.
He was arrested 10 days later on Feb 24, 2016, at the Woodlands Checkpoint upon his return from Johor.
In sentencing Loh, High Court Judge Chua Lee Ming said he accepted Loh's attack on the deceased was not premeditated and that he panicked when he was discovered.
When Mr Brian Lim was still a student several years ago, he was on a plane to Indonesia and seated next to a woman who was struggling to read and fill in her immigration form. Mr Lim, 31, who teaches English at Bukit Panjang Government High School, said he tells his students the story about the woman on the plane to remind them that English is not just a subject in school or another exam to pass but something that will impact their lives.
Ms Chern, 33, from CHIJ Our Lady of the Nativity, uses dramatisation in her lessons as a tool to bring the quieter students out of their shells, while portraying antagonists in English and literature stories in a different light. She said: "I assigned my class to read The Lion, The Witch And The Wardrobe and focused on the character, Edmund.
Ms Lee Osman, 35, from Edgefield Primary School, said she believes in the importance of characterisation in her classes, as "it allows the students to walk in someone else's shoes, empathise and relate to them".
Ms Yap, 32, head of department for English language and literature at Temasek Secondary School, for instance, uses "verbal sparring" - where students say a particular word in various tones or attitudes.
It's also fully sheltered all the way through blocks 817A and 816B, and can accommodate up to four cars at any time!
What really matters here is the openness of this drop-off point. You can see how several blocks (816A, 816B & 817A) have a pretty direct view of the drop-off area, so units on this side may get some noise.
Overall, Keat Hong Mirage is a self-sustaining development and is probably one of its strongest points that make up for the lack of shopping malls in the vicinity. Over here, you'll find U Stars Megamart that caters to all your grocery needs, a clinic, dental, barber, laundry, a DIY store, and even a Chinese Medicine shop.
On the east side, residents can take a four-minute LRT ride to Senja LRT station, which is just an eight-minute walk to the scenic Pang Sua Pond - a great outdoor activity to have on the weekend! Beyond nature, residents at Keat Hong Mirage can also walk to the nearby Keat Hong Shopping Centre.
What's slightly disappointing is that the path to Keat Hong LRT is not fully sheltered - though most of it is. From the shops, you can take a sheltered path to the junction at Choa Chu Kang Way.
The other bus stop is located along Keat Hong Link, with bus service 991 plying along the road. Both bus stops provide direct, sheltered access to the residential blocks. As both roads are rather minor, residents would likely need to transfer along busier Choa Chu Kang Way which has eight bus services plying this route.
South View Primary is the most popular primary school in the area.
Some areas of the development do remind me of Pasir Ris ONE  particularly the inner-facing stacks.Again, these stacks are by no means as close to each other as the ones in Pasir Ris ONE, but if I could use Waterway Cascadia as an example, you can see how not all developments are the same.
AI4Y hopes to reach up to 15,000 students, and will be rolled out in phases starting with the School of Electronics & Info-comm Technology (SEIT) in ITE College West.
Vaccination has begun for all Institute of Technical Education (ITE) students on Monday (June 14) now that three out of four Ministry of Education vaccination centres have opened.
Vaccination centre operations started at ITE College Central in Ang Mo Kio on June 7, at ITE College East in Simei on June 9 and at ITE College West in Choa Chu Kang on June 11. The fourth centre, at Raffles City Convention Centre, will open on Tuesday.
Three blocks of flats located at Clementi Ave 5 Blocks 321, 322, 323 have been chosen for the Selective En bloc Redevelopment Scheme (SERS).
The Clementi 448 Food Centre is conveniently located between the Clementi Mall and 321 Clementi, of walking distance from the MRT station and bus interchange.
By this October, Bukit Panjang Polyclinic - which opened last year - will have a Health and Mind clinic, said Dr Benjamin Cheah, the lead of the Health and Mind Programme at National University Polyclinics (NUP), at a media briefing on Tuesday (May 17).
The plan is to expand these services to the other two polyclinics at the rate of one a year, he said. Choa Chu Kang Polyclinic will be up next, followed by Clementi Polyclinic.
On June 1, NTUC FairPrice announced on Facebook that their outlet at Block 451 Clementi Avenue 3 will be temporarily closed after they were informed of an employee who tested positive with the Covid-19 virus.
In the meantime, the existing Clementi Polyclinic will continue to serve residents until the new polyclinic is operational. Clementi Polyclinic is currently one of the oldest polyclinics in Singapore, having been opened in 1980.
Eight Housing Board (HDB) blocks on West Coast Road have been picked for redevelopment, with residents to be offered new replacement units at Clementi Avenue 1 and West Coast Link.
On Wednesday (Aug 3), the HDB announced the selection of Blocks 513 to 520 West Coast Road, comprising 994 flats, for the Selective En bloc Redevelopment Scheme (SERS).
The Sers plan also includes two sold shops and an eating house at Block 516, and 12 sold shops at Block 517.
Buyers at BTO projects Tampines GreenCourt, Woodleigh Hillside and Clementi NorthArc were expecting to move into their new flats by Q3 2022.
The site is near the future Tavistock MRT station on the Cross Island Line as well as choice primary schools, such as Rosyth School and Zhonghua Primary School, so families with young children might be attracted to buy a home in the area so as to enrol their children in these schools. In addition, the nearby Ang Mo Kio Town Garden East park also offers residents access to greenery.
Located close to the iconic Katong Shopping Centre, the site is also about 10 minutes commute to the future Marine Parade MRT station on the Thomson East Coast Line. Haig Girls' School and Tanjong Katong Primary School are within 1km to 2km away.
International Plaza has been relaunched for collective sale with the reserve price unchanged at $2.7 billion, revealed sole marketing agent Edmund Tie and Company.
Located at the junction of Choon Guan Street and Anson Road, the development occupies a 75,089 sq ft site that is zoned for "Commercial" use under the 2019 Master Plan with a plot ratio of 10.5 as well as a building height control of up to 250m.
Owners at Kensington Park Condominium (2 Kensington Park Dr, Singapore 557320) are once again trying their luck at a collective sale, almost four years after their previous attempt, reported The Business Times.
The cashier don't allow me to use CDC Voucher when clearly stated CDC Voucher accepted at hawkers. Even pasted the poster on the stall. Her reason, "my hp sort (not working) unable to scan." Her problem become my problem? CCK Crescent Hawker Drink Stall
An Train fault incident happening on 24/5/22 in the morning at 0905Hr at the LRT stations - btw Keat Hong and South View Stations causing LRT Train Service in Bukit Panjang to Chua Chu Kang stations to be delayed almost 3Hr.
The smoking cabin at Trivelis estate at Blk 311A Clementi Ave 4 is air-conditioned. The smoking cabins, which were launched on Wednesday (June 30), are located at Clementi Ridges and Trivelis.
The opposition leader posted on his Facebook account the night before that the SDP team was headed for Clementi Blk 308, Holland Bukit Timah, on December 3, and invited members of the public to do so.
Masya Allah. Nostalgia is the word when I step into this masjid which is located within the Clementi/Dover neighborhood. It has a certain "old-day" vibe to it which contributes to the lovely environment around. Parking is aplenty at the back gate. Masjid Darussalam, at 3002 Commonwealth Ave W, Singapore.
A check on condo projects showed some condo units at The Hillford achieving rental yields above 4%. The 281-unit, 60-year leasehold condo development at Jalan Jurong Kechil, off Upper Bukit Timah, topped the list with an implied rental yield of 4.7%.
For three-room flats, the highest-yielding HDB block is Block 24 Balam Road, with a yield of 10.1% (see Table 1). The 10-storey building located in Geylang has a 99-year lease from 1967. This means it has a remaining lease of 44 years. The block comprises about 120 units of three-room flats. The block is located within walking distance of the MacPherson MRT Station, with access to both the Circle and Downtown Lines.
For four-room flats, the highest-yielding HDB block is Block 437 Woodlands St 41, with a yield of 9.3% (see Table 2). The block has a tenure of 99 years beginning from 1996, which means it has a remaining lease of 74 years. It has 12 floors and a total of 114 units of four-room flats. The block is located next to the Singapore American School.
Meanwhile, Block 228 Lor 8 Toa Payoh is located close to the Toa Payoh Industrial Park, which explains why four-room flats in the block have the second highest yield.
As for 201 Marsiling Drive, it is located within the HDB estate of Marsiling Admiralty Park in Woodlands, which is near amenities such as parks, the market and hawker centre, as well as Marsiling Industrial Estate.
For five-room flats, the highest-yielding HDB block is at Pandan Gardens, off West Coast Road (see Table 3). The highest-yielding is Block 407 and the second highest-yielding is Block 403 Pandan Gardens, with rental yields of 7.8% and 7.5% respectively. These two HDB blocks are located adjacent to the Pandan River and across the road from the Pandan Reservoir.
They are also situated near Pandan Gardens Leisure Park along the river, and are also within walking distance of a park connector leading to West Coast Park and Clementi Woods Park. Teban Gardens Market and Food Centre are also located close by.
West Coast Community Centre (CC) will be undergoing upgrading to offer more facilities and family-friendly programmes for residents.
There will be two link bridges that will connect the CC to the West Coast hawker centre, West Coast Plaza and the upcoming Active, Beautiful and Clean Community Deck to be built over Sungei Pandan Kechil Canal.
If you're taking a day trip to Pulau Ubin, Singapore's last authentic kampung village, stop by Wei Tuo Fa Gong Temple. Surrounded by a scenic garden and pond, it was built in the 1950s and developed from a private residential place of worship. The temple has also taken in different gods like the Datuk Gong hillside spirits and Hindu gods, making it religiously diverse. Address: 224J Jalan Endut Senin, Singapore 508346
Dedicated to devotees of Maitreya Buddha, Buddha Tooth Relic Temple and Museum at 288 South Bridge Road, Singapore 058840, preserves the tooth relics of Buddha. Apart from its grand Insta-worthy Tang Dynasty-inspired architecture, there are also paintings, statues and embroideries to admire. While you're at it, check out its rooftop garden, library and bookstore, or vegetarian restaurant if you're feeling peckish.
Pu Ji Si Buddhist Research Centre doubles up as a place of worship and a research and education facility. You'll find plenty of meditation rooms, a library, a rooftop garden and a wishing well on its grounds. Step into the main shrine and spot the white jade statue of Buddha. You can also contemplate the values of Buddhism on the second floor when you view the Thousand Sakyamuni Buddha images. 39 Lorong 12 Geylang, Singapore 399012
Kwan Im Thong Hood Cho Temple at 178 Waterloo Street, Singapore 187964 is one of the most renowned Chinese temples in Singapore. Built in 1884, this is one of the more famous temples in Singapore. It typically draws hordes of believers during Chinese New Year season who pray to Guanyin, the Goddess of Mercy, for blessings and good luck. Perhaps by doing so, you may win big during your mahjong sessions with friends!
Foo Hai Ch'an Monastery is home to several Buddhist statues and relics, including a 3.3m-tall statue of Buddha and a 9.9m-tall statue of Guanyin. Visit the bell gong tower that's rung 108 times in the morning and evening, then head over to the five-storey pagoda that's decorated with statues of Buddha. Next, stop by the sacred Bodhi tree, grown from a cutting of sapling from the original Unesco World Heritage Site Bodhi tree in India. 87 Geylang East Avenue 2, Singapore 389753
Familiar with the legendary Chinese folklore, Journey to the West? Qi Tian Gong temple is the first temple in Singapore built for worshipping the Monkey God, Sun Wu Kong. Here, you'll find more than 10 Monkey God statues. The oldest is nearly 100 years old! Often visited by businessmen, this might just be the place for budding entrepreneurs to discover and earn their ticket to the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. 44 Eng Hoon Street, Singapore 169786
Check out the magnificent 15-foot seated Buddha at Sakya Muni Buddha Gaya Temple.
Tourists from all over the world commonly visit this temple in Little India. Otherwise known as the Temple of Thousand Lights, its focal point is the 15-foot seated Buddha surrounded by numerous lightbulbs. There's also a statue of the sleeping Buddha in a room below the main temple hall. 366 Race Course Road, Singapore 218636
Hai Inn Temple was established for female devotees in 1928. 33 Brickland Road, Singapore 688254
History buffs will love Poh Tiong Beo Temple (201 Toa Payoh Lorong 6, Singapore 319385). Ask the friendly staff about its interesting long history! Apparently, it dates back to the Sung Dynasty of ancient China. It was a shrine in a coolie den for Tong An immigrants in the 1930s and has evolved into the sanctuary of worship it is today.
Established in 1842, Thian Hock Keng is one of the oldest Hokkien temples in Singapore. It's usually frequented by followers of Mahayana Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism. Designed in the Southern Chinese temple architecture style, you'll be surprised to learn that no nails were used in the building of this temple. Thian Hock Keng Temple, 158 Telok Ayer Street, Singapore 068613
The pyramid-shaped structure was designed by well-known architect, Tay Kheng Soon. This temple is dedicated to three main deities: Huang Lao Xian Shi, Da Sheng Fo Zu and Tai Shang Lao Jun. Singapore Chee Tong Temple, 62 Hougang Avenue 3, Singapore 538844
Otherwise known as Sacred Lord Green Dragon Temple, this Chinese temple is established for followers of Taoism, Mahayana Buddhism and Confucianism. The bridge has a dragon on each side, connecting the temple across a canal to the nearby housing estate. Step on the right if you want to be blessed by the two dragons. Ang Chee Sia Ong Temple, 131 West Coast Drive, Singapore 128014
This UNESCO Heritage Site is also known as The Love Temple. Built by sailors and traders from China in the 1820s, worshippers pray to the moon deity, Yue Lao, to seek advice on relationship matters. Want your nosey relatives to stop hounding you on your non-existent love life? This place might help! Yueh Hai Ching Temple, 30B Phillip Street, Singapore 048696
Ang Soo Hoon, 40, admitted to killing property agent Ms Celine Ng Swee Peng, 36, on May 26, 2011 in the unit they shared at West Bay Condominium along West Coast Crescent.
Over the next two days, Ang drove around Singapore - including the West Coast and East Coast areas, and Changi - with the intention of finding a spot to dispose of the body.She eventually dumped the body at Clementi Woods Park, just 400m from their flat.
Sats has accepted an offer from JTC Corporation for a property with a 30-year lease term within the Jurong Innovation District to operate the hub. The cost of the total land rent the period of the lease, commencing Jun 1, is estimated at S$42.6 million.
Sats now runs its institutional catering businesses at several JTC-leased premises in Pandan Loop; these operations will eventually move to the new hub.
Blockchain Fest is set to take place over two days at Marina Bay Sands, attended by some 1,000 participants in what is the crypto event of the year. 
Singapore's Marina Bay Sands (MBS) says it has become a Healthcare Meeting Compliance Certified Verified Venue (HMCC-VV), the first MICE venue globally to be accredited by Meeting Professionals International (MPI), the world's largest industry association for meeting and event professionals.
Mike Lee, vice-president of sales at Marina Bay Sands, said: "While we've had past successes hosting pharmaceutical and medical-related events at Sands Expo and Convention Centre, the attainment of this certification is a crucial next step for us to push the boundaries in delivering impactful experiences, while navigating the stringent event requirements of our clients in this sector."
A video shared by SG Road Vigilante (SGRV) Facebook showed the woman standing in a parking spot at Marina Bay Sands on May 15 to reserve the space.
Slated for completion in phases starting from 2022, Guoco Midtown is a 3.2ha mixed-use mega development in Beach Road and Tan Quee Lan Street. It is directly connected to Bugis MRT interchange station, which is served by both the East-West Line and Downtown Line.
The weekend of Oct 13 and 14 marked the launch of boutique condominium 10 Evelyn by Amara Holdings. The project was showcased at 100AM, the mall connected with Amara Hotel, both of which are owned by Singapore-listed lifestyle and hospitality group Amara Holdings.
"This is probably one of the first project launches in Singapore with a sales gallery and show suite built inside a shopping mall," says Albert Teo, CEO of Amara Holdings. "It's a fantastic site for a sales gallery." Most developers build their sales galleries and showflats of new projects for launch on state land leased from the Singapore Land Authority under Temporary Occupation Licence.
Located on Evelyn Road, off Newton Road, 10 Evelyn has a total of 56 units. Half of the units are made up of one-bedroom apartments of 496 to 614 sq ft; another 24 units are two-bedroom apartments of 732 to 829 sq ft; and four units are three-bedroom penthouses of 1,227 to 1,249 sq ft. Units are priced from $1.2 million, or $2,400 psf.
The project is situated within a 500m radius of both the Newton and Novena MRT stations. The show suite is at 100AM Singapore.
The design architect for 10 Evelyn is Mok Wei Wei of W Architects, famous for the design of upscale developments in the prime districts such as Lloyd Sixtyfive, The Nassim, The Oliv and Hilltops.
10 Evelyn comes with high specifications  from full De Dietrich kitchen appliances, including washer-dryer, to bathroom fittings from Grohe. "The project will appeal to singles who like downtown living, as it's right in the heart of the action, close to F&B, entertainment and retail experiences on Orchard Road, with the CBD and Marina Bay area just a short drive or train ride away," says Teo.
Amara has also relaunched the 33-unit M5, on Jalan Mutiara, off River Valley Road, following its completion this year. M5 contains predominantly one- and two-bedroom units with prices starting from $1.026 million and $1.669 million respectively.
Another Amara project in the pipeline is on Bedok Avenue. 
Amara already has a stable of hotel properties that offers recurring income: the flagship, 384-room Amara Singapore (165 Tg Pagar Rd), which was opened in 1986 and the 140-room Amara Sanctuary Resort Sentosa (1 Larkhill Rd, S(099394))
SGX Centre has netted 42 per cent energy savings. This is in line with the 30 to 50 per cent savings that Comfort Management usually sees with the buildings it has modified. Other successful projects it has undertaken include retrofitting Ngee Ann City and Orchard Plaza. Both achieved savings of 43 per cent and 48 per cent, respectively.
The police are investigating a case of verbal abuse against a safe-distancing enforcement officer at Lau Pa Sat, said the Singapore Police Force (SPF) on Monday (May 10). SPF said it received a call for assistance to a case of dispute at 18 Raffles Quay on Saturday at 10.16pm.
ARA Asset Management has found a buyer for 61 Robinson Road just over 19 months after acquiring the office building in Singapore's downtown core, according to a representative of the property fund manager, which expects to soon complete renovation of the 20-year-old property.
Five people were arrested for rioting after a fight broke out along Cecil Street over the weekend, the police said on Tuesday (May 10). The police said they were alerted to the incident at 133 Cecil Street - the address of popular nightspot Cherry Discotheque - at about 1.40am on Saturday morning. 
According to consultants The Business Times spoke to, buildings that have received in-principle approval under the CBDI include 80 Anson Road (formerly Fuji Xerox Towers),8 Shenton Way (formerly AXA Tower), Realty Centre, ABI Plaza, 78 Shenton Way and Maxwell House. Tower Fifteen is also seen as a likely candidate.
In response to a query from BT, CapitaLand said ABI Plaza is "eligible for the CBD Incentive Scheme."
Meanwhile, buildings with in-principle approval under the SDI include Central Mall and Central Square, and Faber House.
CDL said it had submitted plans to the Urban Redevelopment Authority to redevelop the 38-storey Fuji Xerox Tower office building in the Tanjong Pagar district and the seven-storey Central Mall office and retail complex on Havelock Road
Bugis Street is interesting as it's a place that has narrow alleys where there are shops selling a variety of goods such as bags, masks, hand phone covers, cosmetics, clothes
Amazon is reportedly nearing a deal to lease as much as 350,000 square feet (32,516 square metres) of office space at the under-construction IOI Central Boulevard Towers in downtown Singapore. The e-commerce giant is said to be in advanced talks with Malaysian developer IOI Properties Group on the prospective lease in the Marina Bay area, according to an account in the Business Times.
The take-up would represent a vast expansion in office space for Amazon, which is understood to be currently leasing 45,000 square feet at One George Street, 80,000 square feet at Capital Square, 100,000 square feet at Asia Square Tower 1, and some WeWork flexible space at Manulife Tower, BT reported.
Located at the intersection of Central Boulevard and Raffles Quay, IOI Central Boulevard Towers is expected to receive its temporary occupation permit by the third quarter of 2023 and provide 1.26 million square feet of Grade A office space upon completion.
Other big tech firms anchoring new office buildings include Facebook and Grab, which took up 300,000 and 100,000 square feet respectively at Marina One West Tower in 2017; data centre giant Equinix, which rented 80,000 square feet at 79 Robinson Road (now named CapitaSky) in 2020; and IBM software unit Red Hat, which signed up for 60,000 square feet at CapitaSpring in 2021.
Central Boulevard Towers will stand about five minutes' walk from Marina Bay Sands and the Gardens by the Bay.
Duo Tower is a 20-storey tower with 557,972 sq ft of Grade-A office space and has floor plates of 26,000 to 31,000 sq ft. It is leased to several multinational corporations and local companies. Duo Galleria is a 59,873 sq ft retail mall that is 97% occupied, and connects to Bugis MRT Interchange Station on the East-West and Downtown Lines.
According to the Urban Redevelopment Authority's (URA) Master Plan 2019, 17 Jalan Klapa is fully zoned for commercial use while 14 Purvis Street is zoned for hotel use. "Due to traffic congestion, new eating houses in Kampong Bugis are no longer permissible as a result of overwhelming demand for parking spaces. Therefore this tightly-held F&B shophouse supply holds a huge advantage," he said.
Known as the business hub in Asia, Singapore is more than ready to receive tourists as it removed quarantine, VTLs, and pre-departure testing for all fully-vaccinated travellers. 2022 and beyond for Singapore MICE begins on a strong footing with significant events that are coveted internationally. JW Marriott Hotel Singapore South Beach is located in the heart of Singapore Central Business District. The hotel offers dynamic outdoor venues and indoor meeting rooms coupled with professional planning services. If you need to prepare a remarkable meeting or conference experience in Singapore with the impressive venues of The Ritz-Carlton, Millenia Singapore.
Singapore Management University researchers have delved into attitudes towards cultivated meat. "We found that Singapore is more collectivistic and positive towards cultivated meat than the Western country, the United States," says Angela Leung, co-author of the research and an associate professor of psychology at SMU. The SMU researchers believe their findings could have important implications for novel food industries' global market strategy.
Temasek, Singapore's state investor, is among Eat Just's shareholders. This is not really a surprise. Temasek prizes the new. In the next three years, together with Singapore's Agency for Science, Technology and Research, Temasek plans to pour $S30 million ($30.5 million) into a Food Tech Innovation Centre to help drive development of sustainable foods across Asia.
Fans can lodge takeout orders with Madam Fan, a modern Cantonese restaurant at the JW Marriott Singapore South Beach, although, as the Good Meat's website coyly points out, there is no guarantee you'll get a look in when the queue is reset every Thursday at 11am.
Raffles City is linked to the Fairmont/Raffles City Convention Centre, where people go for ART tests before boarding cruises. We had to take our ART test, wait a while for the result (without going outside of the Centre) and then head to the Marina Bay Cruise Centre. We killed the waiting time at Raffles City with our luggage.
Kampung Gelam in Singapore still retains its rich Malay-Muslim cultural and religious legacies, writes Alan Teh Leam Seng.
Waking up past the breakfast period, the nearby Maxwell Road Food Centre - which is less than a kilometre away from my hotel, the Oakwood Premier AMTD Singapore - becomes the next best option for a meal to start my day.
During the brief five-minute walk, a photographic exhibition by the Singapore City Gallery entrance catches my attention. Titled "Kampong Gelam: Documenting Our Present For Our Future", the eye-catching displays soon bring to light the many attractions found within the historic urban quarter of the city-state, which owes its name to a tree that was once used by the seafaring Orang Laut to construct boats.
At the same time, several well-taken photographs of Muslims dressed in their best congregating at the majestic Sultan Mosque for Hari Raya prayers bring to mind that the most important Islamic celebration is just around the corner. Sultan Mosque is the largest and oldest mosque in Singapore.
My curiosity is further piqued at the food centre, when the stall operator serving lontong - rice cakes in hot coconut broth filled with vegetables, tofu and boiled egg - turns out to be a former Kampung Gelam resident. He reveals that the area, which was gazetted as a conservation area in 1989, was once the seat of Malay royalty and served as a bustling hub for commerce, education and culture for a diverse community that included the Arabs, Boyanese, Bugis, Javanese, Indians and Chinese. 
His vivid recollections of Istana Kampung Gelam, the Hajjah Fatimah Mosque, Malabar Mosque and Madrasah Alsagoff Al-Arabiah help cast aside predetermined plans for the day.
The train on the East-West Line from Tanjong Pagar takes just six minutes to reach Bugis after passing by Raffles Place and City Hall. After that, it is a quick five-minute walk to Kampung Gelam with the Sultan Mosque's shimmering golden dome serving as a guiding beacon.
While checking out shops selling interesting items ranging from perfumes to fine fabrics and dresses, it soon becomes obvious that major streets in the vicinity still bear names like Baghdad, Kandahar and Bussorah, to reflect the rich historical ties between Singapore and the Middle East, whose traders began arriving in the Malay Archipelago centuries ago to trade.
With Covid-19 restrictions significantly reduced, tourists from all walks of life and nationalities are once again flocking to Kampung Gelam not only to shop and savour its varied culinary delights, but also to experience the rich Malay-Muslim cultural and religious legacies.
The Malay Heritage Centre nearby highlights the history of Malays throughout the region and traces insightful stories of local Muslims from the early days right up to Singapore's post-independence era.
Occupying the historic site, where Istana Kampung Gelam once stood, the sprawling two-storey Malay Heritage Centre is home to six galleries that showcase captivating stories told through artefacts, murals, dioramas, poetry, music and multimedia.
A side exit along Kandahar Street leads to Kampung Gelam's famed Ramadan bazaar.
While tracing North Bridge Road back to the Bugis MRT station, a taxi comes to a gradual halt nearby for a passenger to alight. The opportune moment results in a quick chauffeured ride eastwards that offers scenic views of the new National Stadium in Kallang, as well as rows of public housing in the Boon Kheng residential quarters.
Not long after, the imposing Wisma Geylang Serai comes into view as the cab turns into Engku Aman Road. Serving as the Geylang Serai precinct community civic and cultural centre, the design of this sprawling brown-and-white complex draws inspiration from various heritage elements, including serai fronds, folded ketupat leaves and the traditional Malay house serambi or verandah.
The golden age of the bangsawan went into decline after the Japanese Occupation, with the proliferation of cinemas like the former Wembley Cinema (opposite Lorong 41 Geylang, today GrandLink Square), Apollo Cinema and Garrick Theatre (located at the junction of Onan Rd and Geylang Rd, today home to the Muslim Converts' Association of Singapore), which screened locally produced star-studded blockbusters featuring P. Ramlee, Saadiah, Shahadat Kadarisman, Siput Sarawak and many others from the Shaw Brothers Malay Film Production unit.
Acting on the timely advice of several shop operators, the walkabout moves across the adjacent Changi Road to Joo Chiat Complex, where a multitude of Raya decorations receive overwhelming attention from visitors.
Late lunch comes in the form of nasi padang, which consists of sambal petai, fried paru belado and chicken rendang at the Geylang Serai Market and Food Centre, located across the road from Joo Chiat Complex and just side by side with Wisma Geylang Serai.
Among the many, the unique Haji Muhammad Salleh Mosque at Mount Palmer catches attention. Its interesting architecture and a string of related legends quickly give ample reason for a visit.
By late afternoon, my unscheduled exploration of sites and landmarks relating to Singapore's vibrant Malay community comes full circle after exiting the Tanjong Pagar MRT station.
Guided by Google Maps, the brief 15-minute walk ends at the foot of a verdant hillock sandwiched in between the bustling Marina Coastal Expressway and a construction yard for a new Prince Edward MRT and Shenton Way bus transportation hub.
Removing footwear before entering the mosque grounds as a mark of respect, the path then leads to a flight of stairs that ends at the top of Mount Palmer. This is where Haji Muhammad Salleh Mosque and the tomb of Habib Noh Mohammed al-Habshi, or popularly known as Habib Noh, are located.
Born on board a ship bound for Penang from Palembang in 1788, legend has it that a terrible storm that lashed the vessel at the time of his birth only dissipated after his father named him in honour of Prophet Noh. Habib Noh went on to become an influential and highly revered figure in the Muslim community, who travelled extensively all over Malaya to teach the tenets of Islam. Upon his demise at the home of Temenggong Abu Bakar in 1866, folklore tells of how his coffin, while on its way to the Telok Blangah Muslim Cemetery, became too heavy for the pallbearers.
MPs who are convicted and fined for an offence will now lose their seat only if the fine amount is at least $10,000, after Parliament on Monday (May 9) unanimously approved amendments to the Constitution to update the disqualification criteria.
The fine quantum had come under scrutiny in recent months, after Leader of the Opposition and Workers' Party (WP) chief Pritam Singh and his fellow Aljunied GRC MP Faisal Manap were referred by Parliament to the Public Prosecutor for further investigations over a lying scandal involving former WP MP Raeesah Khan.
Besides amendments to Article 45 of the Constitution, which sets out the criteria for the disqualification of an MP, corresponding changes to Articles 37E and 72, relating to the disqualification of members of the Council of Presidential Advisers and Presidential Council for Minority Rights respectively, were also approved.
The Curiocity showcase by the National Library Board (NLB) was one such effort that aimed to bring Singapore stories to the participants through different experiences
Curiocity: Places & Perspectives presented a main showcase at the Level 1 Plaza at National Library Building, titled Encore in the City. This experiential showcase, which ran from January 3 to February 3 this year, took visitors through colourful nooks and crannies to uncover six old icons of Singapore's entertainment landscape in the Bras Basah-Bugis Precinct and the Civic District.
In conjunction with the Light to Night Festival which began on January 14, NLB and other few partners collaborated with National Gallery Singapore (NGS) to feature a host of innovative digital and on-site art programmes.
The light installations could also be seen at Level 1 Plaza at National Library Building, as well as Satellite Displays at three locations in the Civic District: The Arts House, Asian Civilisations Museum and Esplanade Park.
The Entry ticket for Student(s) is SGD15. For a first time visit experience, I already knew I should visit the National Gallery again anytime I visit Singapore. 
The National Gallery Singapore is a fantastic art gallery! Huge and great collection, and it's a unique building built around the Old City Hall and Supreme Court. One of my recommended things to do in Singapore.
Saint Andrew's Cathedral is a beautiful old building but very well maintain. At least it is less commercialise here, unlike Chijmes. A much better place if you are looking for inner peace here compare to other church since not so high human traffic. Just next to City Hall MRT so very convenient as well.
The St. Andrew's Cathedral church is a work of art. The architecture is splendid. It was was an honor to visit the church. Ample parking, wheel chair friendly accessibility. No costs to visit this piece of art.
The Singapore Recreation Club (SRC) has started a fund-raising drive to collect money from members so that it can remain at the Padang after its lease expires in July 2024. The current clubhouse in Connaught Drive was finished in 1997.
At recently revamped hotels such as Capella Singapore and a trio of Pan Pacific Hotels Group properties, the new looks - alongside novel experiences planned by the hotels - entice staycationers. For now, the absence of tourists means this is an ideal time for redesign, according to Ms Margaret Heng, executive director of the Singapore Hotel Association. That is the case at the Ritz-Carlton, Millenia Singapore.
Four Seasons Hotel Singapore debuted its Hypoallergenic Room Collection in January. Besides anti-allergy pillows and bedding, hardwood flooring and roller blinds also minimise dust and mould. Taking a leaf from the nearby Singapore Botanic Gardens, the contemporary interiors of the two rooms are in cool greens and blues.
Also, hotels make sustainability sexy. This is happening at the Pan Pacific Hotels Group, where three properties have been rejuvenated.
The Parkroyal on Beach Road revealed a new lobby late last year, along with the refurbished Ginger restaurant and Club 5 bar, where menus are influenced by the Kampong Glam enclave. The hotel's 100 sustainable artworks include eco-designer Didier Ng's Teatime Teethtime Tradetime collection that upcycles a worn-out tingkat enveloped in old bus tickets.
Next, the Parkroyal Collection Marina Bay reopened in December after a $45 million transformation that highlights a fantastical four- level indoor forest and urban garden.
The new look of Pan Pacific Serviced Suites Orchard - with sky gardens, spacious suites and aqua fitness equipment - was unveiled in April.
Ms Cinn Tan, the group's chief sales and marketing officer, says that next year, a fourth property, the Pan Pacific Orchard, will re-emerge as a zero-waste tropical skyrise.
New experiences added this year range from an indulgent pet "spa-cation" at Capella Singapore to the world's first augmented-reality hotel art tour at the Ritz-Carlton.
Hotels that recently completed renovations - or are now embarking on facelifts - include Goodwood Park Hotel, Crockfords Tower, Travelodge Harbourfront, Andaz, Amara Singapore and Oasia Resort Sentosa (the former Le Meridien Sentosa).
In February, the Goodwood Park Hotel finished its latest round of renovations, which cost $5 million. The decor is contemporary, with clean lines and white quartz. The hotel collects feedback from guests such as Mr Jean Drouffe, the chief executive of AXA Insurance, who recently stayed in a refreshed Poolside Suite with his wife.
The Marina Mandarin was rebranded as the luxurious Parkroyal Collection Marina Bay. Two Six Senses properties have been renamed The Maxwell Reserve and The Duxton Reserve, under Marriott's Autograph Collection range. Also, boutique hotels KeSa House and Wanderlust - the latter is in Little India - both reopened in March under The Unlimited Collection by Oakwood, a new brand. Boutique hotel Wanderlust in Little India reopened in March under The Unlimited Collection by Oakwood, a new brand.
Capella Singapore entwines a pair of colonial bungalows with a new curvilinear annexe on Sentosa. The luxury resort was designed 12 years ago by Pritzker Prize-winning architect Norman Foster to reflect Singapore's journey from British outpost to world-class tropical city.
Mr Evan Kwee, vice-chairman of the Capella Hotel Group, who invited Mr Fu to refresh the resort, recognises that global nomads work and play at a destination. "The pandemic has future-proofed this concept," he told The Straits Times recently. Mr Fu, who designed The Fullerton Bay Hotel here and The Upper House in Hong Kong, says: "You feel the presence of the new in the rooms, but it's not overdone."
KeSa House, formed from 10 restored shophouses painted a vivid turquoise, reopened in March after a hiatus. The Chinatown hotel - along with Wanderlust in Little India - is now under a new brand, The Unlimited Collection by Oakwood. "On the cusp of a new era for post-pandemic travel, this is an opportune time for Oakwood to showcase our new concept of residential lifestyle with heritage appeal," says Mr Roy Liang, Oakwood's regional general manager for Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam.
Ahead of the reopening of borders, Oakwood focused on branding to differentiate the hotels and carried out some refurbishments, he adds. On a visit to KeSa House at 55 Keong Saik Road, the brand's green values are evident. 
We start the river walk from Raffles Place MRT (Exit G) along Bonham Street. Turning right towards the Fullerton Hotel, we pass the bronze sculpture scene, River Merchants.The declaring of Singapore as a tax-free port, unique in Asia, kick-started commerce with junks and lighters arriving to trade silk, porcelain, coffee and opium. The shipping trade was especially intense in December; that's when Chinese ships arrived on the monsoon wind, staying until the wind changed the following June.
Cavenagh Bridge, completed in 1869, replaced the inefficient ferry service with cast iron. The metal was manufactured in Glasgow (as was that used to build Lau Pa Sat Market).
Despite the fun they're having, until 1977 the Singapore River was in fact a polluted disgrace. PM Lee Kuan Yew subsequently ordered a 10-year clean-up costing $300 million. Now the river here is so clean it's part of the Marina Reservoir, one of 17 National Reservoirs.
The Fullerton Hotel is immediately on the right. The Fullerton Building once housed the General Post Office (GPO), which had many innovative features; one was a mail drop to a basement conveyor that ran along a tunnel under Fullerton Road to a pier for direct loading onto ships bound for India and England.
Upon arrival at Anderson Bridge, newly pedestrianised for 2022, walk halfway across and look to the right along Queen Elizabeth Walk on the water's edge. Named for the Coronation in 1952, this area was the site of the famous Satay Club from 1970 to 1995; it then moved to Clarke Quay, and then Gardens by the Bay. As you leave Anderson Bridge, look back. The brown stone plaque commemorates construction in 1909 and states the stone is from Assouan in Egypt; why? Because the Anderson Bridge contractor, Sir John Aird, also constructed the Old Aswan Dam on the Nile in 1902.
Turn left and descend the wide steps past the sculpture called From Chettiers to Financiers; it honours the Chettiers from Tamil Nadu, India, who were the money-lenders and bankers of early Singapore. Stroll riverside with the elegant Asian Civilisations Museum on your right.
By December 1819, nearby hills had been flattened and Boat Quay constructed; this was Singapore's very first land reclamation.
Continuing the river walk, passing the Former Attorney General's Chambers, the white arches of Elgin Bridge dominate the river at the transition of North Bridge to South Bridge Road.
This was the site of the very first river bridge in Singapore, a wooden footbridge erected by 1823; it was called Presentment Bridge or Monkey Bridge. By 1862, the old bridge was replaced by an iron bridge imported from Calcutta; it was named Elgin Bridge, in honour of Lord Elgin, the Viceroy of India.
Do not cross Elgin Bridge; rather, continue under Coleman Bridge past the former Hill Street Police Station with its multi-coloured window shutters. 
Now housing the Ministry of Communications and Information, it was regarded as a sky-scraper in 1934, when it housed the police station, and single and married officers barracks. It was controversial as some locals thought it to have inauspicious feng shui due to it destroying the original shape of Fort Canning Hill.
Clarke Quay has undergone a series of redevelopments since 1985, with mixed reactions to the latest canopy design in 2000. The oldest surviving building is the River House, constructed as a warehouse and living quarters for a gambier plantation owner.
Cross Read Bridge to the south side of the river and turn left along North Boat Quay. Read Bridge was well-known in the 1960s as a hub for story-telling and street opera. Its other name is Jembatan Kampong Melaka as it was where the Malaccan Village once stood.
To stop the walk here, the closest MRT station is Clarke Quay; bus services can take you along Eu Tong Sen Street. To continue back to Raffles Place MRT, walk under Coleman Bridge and Elgin Bridge then along Boat Quay with the river on your left side for 900m. The three-storey merchant shophouses of Boat Quay have colourful tiles and carved beasts, with the original granite edges that protected the go-downs from high tides still to be seen.
Enjoy the views to Marina Bay Sands and the Civic District.
In the past 20 months, Singapore Management University (SMU) has rapidly pivoted its highly anticipated annual events, such as FOMO (or Freshmen Orientation Moves Online), into virtual initiatives.
As the pandemic situation evolved, SMU also pulled out all the stops in preparing the campus for a return to in-person learning, with extensive precautionary measures to safeguard the community.
With full on-campus learning on the horizon, we reveal insider tips from Amelia Leong, Year Three, Yong Pung How School of Law; Tan Teck Wee, Year Three, Lee Kong Chian School of Business; Trevor Ng, Year Four, School of Computing and Information Systems; and Germaine Lee, Year Two, School of Social Sciences; on the top lifestyle changes students can adopt to prioritise their health and safety as they continue online learning for now and prepare for their return to campus in the coming months.
It happened after more than 80 per cent of Golden Mile Complex owners agreed to take $700 million for the landmark building within "a record time of 15 days", the development's marketing agent, Edmund Tie & Company, said in a letter to owners on April 23.
URA had offered incentives to make development options for Golden Mile Complex more attractive to buyers concerned about the constraints imposed by conservation rules.
These include a one-third increase in floor area with a waiver of part of its development charge.
The Golden Mile Complex redevelopment effort could provide the blueprint for conservation of other similar buildings, such as People's Park Complex and People's Park Centre.
Perennial Holdings chief executive Pua Seck Guan said the Golden Mile Complex project will supplement the ongoing rejuvenation of Beach Road and the Ophir-Rochor corridor.
Its previous conservation projects include Capitol Singapore, comprising Stamford House, Capitol Building and Capitol Theatre, as well as Chijmes.
He added: "As one of Singapore's pioneer developers with numerous award-winning urban conservation projects, Far East Organization is pleased to be part of rejuvenating one of Singapore's most iconic landmarks."
The real estate developer's conservation project portfolio includes The Barracks Hotel, Mess Hall and Events Centre in Sentosa Island, as well as Far East Square, boutique hotel Amoy and Townerville, a cluster of colonial and ethnic-style terrace houses built in the 1920s.
Meanwhile, Sino Group, parent of Hong Kong-listed Sino Land, developed The Fullerton Heritage Precinct, which comprises The Fullerton Hotel Singapore, One Fullerton, The Fullerton Waterboat House, Clifford Pier, The Fullerton Bay Hotel, Customs House, and The Fullerton Pavilion.
The Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA) launched the inaugural Digital for Life Festival at Suntec Singapore Convention and Exhibition Centre on Saturday and The Straits Times, in partnership with Singapore Pools, set up the Stop Scams exhibit to highlight its reporting of various scams, the number of scam variants that have cropped up and also to educate the public on the growing scourge.
On The Substation's final day of business on Friday (July 30), general manager Aikes Loh and two Substation staff members made a last walkthrough of the arts venue's empty shell.
Then the 52-year-old locked up the historic Armenian Street building at 3.12pm and left the keys at a collection point for the National Arts Council (NAC) to pick up later. It was a subdued end to an era for Singapore's arts scene.
The Substation, founded by late theatre doyen Kuo Pao Kun in 1990, will return to the National Arts Council (NAC) for a two-year renovation period.
When the building reopens in 2024, it will be a multi-tenanted space rather than the single tenant-operated multidisciplinary space it was before.
The nature of 45 Armenian Street is still open for dialogue and definition, says Mr Tay Tong, 57, NAC's director of sector development (visual arts).
This includes actress Janice Koh who is a former Nominated Member of Parliament for arts, Asian Civilisations Museum and Peranakan Museum director Kennie Ting and arts educator Venka Purushothaman.
Ms Koh, 47, says: "For many arts practitioners, 45 Armenian Street is not simply a building. It is and has always been a home for the arts."
Also on the panel are Ms Mae Anderson, chairman of Art Outreach Singapore; independent arts practitioners Edward Choy, Shaiful Risan and David Siow; and Dr Jennifer Lee, who also sits on The Esplanade's board.
The panel will not have a representative from the recently announced Substation 2.0, which includes two current Substation board members, Ms Wahyuni Hadi and Mr Jean-Louis Morisot, as well as former Substation staff members who intend to rebuild the arts centre as an arts company with a focus on original programming.
The system known as the Roadway Animal Detection System (RADS) was first implemented by the National Parks Board (NParks) at Old Upper Thomson Road in Oct 2019.
Besides the Old Upper Thomson Road, the use of RADS will be now extended to another area - the two-way Rifle Range Road that lies between Bukit Timah Nature Reserve and the upcoming Rifle Range Nature Park.
The new site will allow NParks to test the system's effectiveness for different road conditions. Rifle Range Road is also selected because animals have been observed crossing between the two forested areas.
The surveys will include a preliminary one by JGIS on public sentiments toward primates in Singapore and macaque management measures, which will lead up to a broader and more in-depth study by NParks Lee Kuan Yew Centre for Innovative Cities at the Singapore University for Technology and Design (SUTD).
NParks and SUTD will collaborate on another study that aims to understand the public's perceptions and experience regarding wildlife and human-wildlife encounters, so as to "encourage sustainable and positive human-wildlife relationships".
For tertiary education, most of us focus on getting into our school of choice - be it NUS, NTU, SMU or any other university - and hardly stop to think about the financial implications of taking a Bachelor's degree.
National University of Singapore probably needs no introduction. It's Singapore's flagship uni and widely regarded as the best one to get into for most degrees.As a local uni, NUS tuition fees for undergrad courses are some of the cheapest.
Nanyang Technological University (NTU) is the second major local university in Singapore. Certain colleges within NTU have stellar reputation. For instance, the Wee Kim Wee School of Communication and Information (WKWSCI) is the place to be if you're interested in studying communications and mass media. NTU Business School is also famous.
As with NUS, NTU students pay fixed fees throughout their course of studies based on their cohort, and will not be subject to fee increases.
Singapore Management University (SMU) is known for grooming outspoken graduates that end up in management roles.
One of SMU's key selling points is that its campus is located right in the city centre.
But some may feel that there's no campus feel to the university, since there isn't any semblance of hostel life or university town
The Singapore University of Technology and Design (SUTD) is one of the newer unis in Singapore, and is reputed to be strong in design-thinking and technology.
The SUTD campus is near Expo MRT station, or Upper Changi MRT station in the East.
Formerly known as UniSIM, the Singapore University of Social Sciences (SUSS) offers degrees in (you guessed it) social sciences, as well as accountancy, education, HR management, business analytics and so on.
SUSS' campus is based along Clementi Road with the nearest MRT being King Albert Park (DTL).
Singapore Institute of Technology (SIT) is one of Singapore's newer universities, offering degrees in aircraft systems, infrastructure, aerospace and other fields of engineering.
Take note that degrees at Lasalle will cost more than degrees at NUS or NTU, but cheaper than technology degrees at SUTD or SIT. The Lasalle campus is based downtown, the nearest MRT being Rochor (DTL).
Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts (NAFA) in Bugis offers three arts degree courses in collaboration with University of the Arts London - Design Practice, Fine Art and Performance Making.
The band also known as Masdo will now perform at May 29 at the Esplanade Concert Hall, which has a capacity of about 1,800 seats.
The Esplanade - Theatres on the Bay's total income fell by about $12 million as the Covid-19 pandemic hit the arts centre hard over the 12 months from April last year to March this year (FY20/21).
Celebrate childhood at March On 2022 at Esplanade  Theatres on the Bay from 9 to 13 March. From Wednesday to Sunday, take part in exciting dance workshops, attend fun theatre shows and get to meet enthusiastic young performers who will be sharing their experiences.
A 3,079 sq ft, strata-titled office unit on the 37th floor of Suntec Tower 1 of Suntec City changed hands recently for $10.52 million ($3,417 psf) in August.
"One of the draws of this high floor unit is its unblocked view of Marina Bay Sands," says Low. "High floor units of such sizes are rarely available on the market." The other draw of Suntec City is the strong community of Chinese businesses that are located there, he adds. The common areas of the office towers at Suntec City were recently refurbished, bringing it in line with other new Grade-A office towers.
The biggest deal was for an entire strata floor of 13,111 sq ft on the ninth level of Samsung Hub, which was purchased by construction group Lee Kim Tah for $53.1 million in May. It translates to $4,050 psf, which is a new high in terms of psf price for the 999-year leasehold, 30-storey office tower at 3 Church Street in the CBD.
When it comes to Grade-A strata office space in the CBD, there aren't many for sale, notes SRI's Low. Besides Samsung Hub, the other is Prudential Tower at Cecil Street, where the last transaction was for a 1,625 sq ft, strata office unit on the 24th floor that fetched $5.36 million ($3,299 psf) in November 2019. The 52-storey Prudential Tower has a 99-year lease from 1996. 
At Springleaf Tower on Anson Road, only entire strata floors of about 10,000 sq ft are available for sale. The 37-storey Springleaf Tower has a 99-year lease from 1996 too.
Of the five office towers at Suntec City, only three (Suntec Towers One, Two and Three) have strata office units for sale. Four of the office towers have 40 storeys each while Suntec Tower Five has 18 storeys. 
They are linked to the 880,000 sq ft Suntec Mall as well as the Suntec Singapore Convention & Exhibition Centre, with 450,000 sq ft of customisable event space. 
The mall and convention centre is linked to the City Hall MRT station (an interchange on the North-South and East-West Lines), Esplanade MRT station on the Circle Line and Promenade MRT station (an interchange for the Circle and Downtown Lines). 
Suntec City, one of the largest integrated developments in Singapore, was developed by a consortium of Hong Kong tycoons, and completed in phases between 1995 and 1997. It is still the largest asset within Suntec REIT's portfolio today.
Tesla's V3 Superchargers are now available at Millenia Walk. There are three V3 charging stalls offering rates of up to 250 kW. This is the second of such Supercharger Stations in Singapore, following the unveiling of the first one at Orchard Central in July.
The new Supercharger is close to office spaces like Suntec City, Millenia and Centennial Towers as well as hotels like The Ritz-Carlton, Millenia Singapore, and Conrad Centennial Singapore. Malls in the area include Suntec and Marina Square.
The F1 Pit Building at the Marina Bay Street Circuit in Singapore is to be used as a temporary facility to treat Covid-19 patients.
"The Government has been exploring venues that can be used as temporary COVID-19 community care facilities and community treatment facilities," read a statement supplied by Singapore Tourism Board's Director of Sports Ong Ling Lee. "The F1 pit building has been identified as a suitable temporary venue as it has ready facilities and is not used for F1 race activities this year.
Filipino businesswoman Maricris Abad Santos Albert was in Singapore to attend a private event hosted by luxury brand Fendi when she was found dead at The Fullerton Bay Hotel last Saturday (April 23).
Another post on April 22 showed her at the Singapore Flyer with two friends, with the hashtag Fendi.
When operations assistant Sally Tng craves Chinese soups with steamed rice, she would frequent her favourite stall at Amoy Street Food Centre in Chinatown.
OCBC Bank will retrofit its buildings and data centre with more energy-efficient technologies as part of measures to reduce its carbon footprint.
The air-conditioning system at OCBC Tampines Centre Two will also be retrofitted to connect to SP Group's district cooling network at the Tampines Town Centre. It was announced in April that Tampines will become the first town centre in Singapore with district cooling.
As of April, four branches and eight buildings have received these certifications, including the OCBC Campus in 260 Tanjong Pagar Rd. In March, 10 charging points were installed at OCBC Centr at 65 Chulia St, which the bank said is the largest EV charging hub in the central business district.
A customer scans a QR code using the TraceTogether contact-tracing phone app before entering the United Overseas Bank Ltd. (UOB) main branch at UOB Plaza in Singapore, on Thursday, March 4, 2021.
JLL's decision to transplant its Singapore corporate headquarters from Republic Plaza, where it had been for the past 24 years, to CapitaSpring signals a new era in the global real estate firm's history. "What we have built in CapitaSpring is the next generation office space," says Chris Archibold, country head, JLL Singapore.
While the shift may have been accelerated by the Covid-19 pandemic, it was not driven by it, he adds. This is evident from the fact that it had moved its Asia Pacific headquarters to Paya Lebar Quarter (PLQ) in September 2019 before the pandemic. It now occupies 46,251 sq ft at PLQ.
There are many similarities between the space at PLQ and at CapitaSpring, where it has taken up 23,592 sq ft of office space on the 35th floor of the 51-storey Grade-A office tower at 88 Market Street in the CBD. 
The $25-million refurbishment of the building at 28 Maxwell Road into Maxwell Chambers Suites took nearly two years to complete. Adjacent to Maxwell Chambers, a dispute resolution complex, the restored building will add 120,000 sq ft of floor space to help meet growing demand for such services in Asia.
Among the 11 international institutions, five will be locating their case management offices at Maxwell Chambers Suites, which will create the highest concentration of case management offices in the world. The five are the International Chamber of Commerce, International Court of Arbitration; Singapore International Arbitration Centre; Singapore International Mediation Centre; Permanent Court of Arbitration; and the World Intellectual Property Organisation Arbitration and Mediation Centre.
A woman was seen bringing two children along with her to pick rubbish off the streets along Lorong 29 Geylang, in what appeared to be an activity that was completely voluntary.
The trio were seen just outside the Leow Sih Association Building in the Geylang area.
A row of shophouses located at 284 to 296 Geylang Road has been put up for sale via expression of interest with a reserve price of S$50 million.
The shophouses are within walking distance to Aljunied MRT Station and a 10-minute drive to the city.
The community at Blks 210 to 218 Marsiling Crescent has fostered a strong "kampung spirit", they said, praising the area for its peacefulness, proximity to Woodlands Waterfront and unobstructed views of the Straits of Johor.
Keat Hong Pride comprises a mix of three-, four- and five-room flats. It is located near Keat Hong LRT Station, as well as schools including Choa Chu Kang Primary School and Swiss Cottage Secondary School.
The police told The Straits Times that they were alerted to a case of aggravated outrage of modesty at 365 Choa Chu Kang Avenue 3 at 5.37am.
Who dares to drink when it is so dirty. Location at Blk 32 Defu Lane 10.
113 persons were reported to have gastroenteritis symptoms after consuming food prepared at Kotobuki Restaurant at 3 Yuan Ching Road, #01-02A between 18 and 20 October 2021.
The island-site consists of two land titles. One title is for 1, 3, and 5 Club Street which are three-storey shophouses with attic. The other title is for 7 and 9 Club Street which are two-storey shophouses.
The island-site has a 50m-wide triple road frontage along Cross Street, Club Street and Gemmill Lane. 
Situated right across Far East Square and Cross Street Exchange, the property is within walking distance to Telok Ayer MRT Station.
Co-working operator WeWork is gearing up to launch its largest location in Singapore: the 21-storey, 220,000 sq ft building located at 21 Collyer Quay in the heart of the CBD.
The three landlords currently each have a building seeking the certifications - Keppel REIT's Keppel Bay Tower, a 386,000 sq ft office building at Harbourfront; Shaw Towers Realty's Shaw Tower, a 33-storey building on Beach Road currently undergoing redevelopment that is managed by Lendlease, as well as PAG's 400,000 sq ft StarHub Green building in Paya Lebar.