The North South line (NSL) is a high-capacity Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line in Singapore, operated by SMRT.
Coloured red on the rail map, the line is 45 kilometres (28 mi) long and serves 27 stations, 11 of which, between the Bishan and Marina South Pier stations, are underground.
It runs from Jurong East station, located in Western Singapore, to Marina South Pier station in the Central Area, via Woodlands station in northern Singapore.
The line operates for 19 hours a day (from approximately 5:30 am to around midnight), with headways of up to 2 to 3 minutes during peak hours and 5 to 8 minutes during off-peak hours.
All the trains on the North South Line run with a six-car formation.
It is the first MRT line to be built in Singapore, with the first section from Yio Chu Kang station to Toa Payoh station beginning service on 7 November 1987, followed by an extension southwards to Raffles Place station on 12 December the same year and northwards to Yishun station on 20 December 1988.
After the southern extension to Marina Bay station opened on 4 November 1989, the North South line was formed and split from the East West line.
In the 1990s, the line extended to the north and west connecting to the Branch line via Woodlands through the Woodlands line extension.
Since the 2010s, due to the ageing infrastructure of the North South Line (being the oldest and heavily utilised MRT line), significant improvements have been made on this line, such as the replacement of sleepers, third rail replacement and the introduction of new rolling stocks (the C151B and the C151C) to replace the older rolling stocks and increase passenger capacity.
The North South Line is also the first line to have undergone a major re-signalling project, converting it from semi-automatic to fully automated operations in 2019.
Other recent developments of the line include a new extension to Marina South Pier station on 23 November 2014 and a new infill station, Canberra station, on 2 November 2019.
Two more infill stations (Brickland and Sungei Kadut stations) on the line are being planned and are set to be opened in the 2030s.
HistoryInitial developmentsThe Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) originated from a forecast in 1967 by the planners of the State and City Planning Project, which stated the need for a rail-based urban transport system in Singapore by 1992.
Following a debate on whether a bus-only system would be more cost-effective, then-Minister for Communications Ong Teng Cheong came to the conclusion that an all-bus system would be inadequate, as it would have to compete for road space in the land-scarce country.
After deciding on a rail-based system, the construction of Phase I of the MRT system, which will be the North South line, was given priority as the line passes through areas having a higher demand for public transport, such as the densely populated housing estates of Toa Payoh and Ang Mo Kio and the Central Area.
The line was expected to relieve the traffic congestion on the Thomson–Sembawang road corridor.
Construction of the MRT line (and also the MRT system itself) started on 22 October 1983, and the first section from Yio Chu Kang station to Toa Payoh station opened on 7 November 1987.
At the inauguration ceremony, Ong Teng Cheong, who backed and commissioned the planning of the MRT system, attended the ceremony as a special Guest of Honour.
Dr Yeo Ning Hong, the Minister For Communications and Information, inaugurated the start of MRT operations and announced it to be the "beginning" of the MRT system.
Nine more stations from Novena station to Outram Park station via Raffles Place opened on 12 December that year and it began independent operations on 4 November 1989 as the North South line when the extension to Marina Bay station was opened.
After the Branch line (from the Jurong East to Choa Chu Kang stations) opened in 1990, the Woodlands MRT line was envisioned so as to close the gap between Yishun and Choa Chu Kang stations.
Numerous changes were made to the number of stations for the extension mainly to accommodate the 1991 Concept Plan by the Urban Redevelopment Authority, which aimed to make Woodlands a regional centre for northern Singapore.
During the initial planning of the line, Sembawang station was only intended as a provisional station, to be built at a later date due to the underdevelopment of Sembawang, and construction began on 19 November 1992.
Sembawang station and Kranji station were later included in the construction after the second round of planning (construction began at the same time on 19 November 1992) and Sungei Kadut station was then omitted.
Sungei Kadut will be built later if the town's population justifies the necessity for the station.
During the construction, a total of 19 new trains were purchased for almost S$259 million for the new MRT line, designed by German company Siemens Aktiengesellschaft, to complement the 66 first-generation C151 trains.
There was also a need to level the land covered in thick vegetation in Kadut, Woodlands and Sembawang for the MRT line.
With the official opening of the Woodlands extension on 10 February 1996 by then Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong, the Branch line was incorporated into the North South line.
The extension was built at a cost of $1.2 billion.
Subsequent developmentsThe NSL platforms of the Bishan station underwent major alterations to increase the passenger capacity of the station from 1,250 to 2,020.
A new air-conditioned platform to serve southbound trains to Marina South Pier was constructed and opened for service on 27 July 2008.
The station was expanded to handle increased passenger traffic when the CCL station opens.
As the original platform, now serving northbound trains to Jurong East, remained in service, upgrading works for the platform (Platform A) was hindered and took about a year to complete.
While the re-tiling of the platform was done during the day, the Platform Screen Doors (PSDs) were installed in sections through the night.
An air-conditioning system was also installed as part of the upgrade.
Upgrading works for the platform were fully completed on 23 May 2009.Under the Land Transport Master Plan 2008, the Jurong East Modification Project entailed the construction of a new platform and the addition of a fourth track to Jurong East station to reduce waiting times and crowding at the station during peak hours.
The modification project was completed on 27 May 2011.
The track and platform was initially opened during morning peak hours only, but since December 2011, they also operate during the evening peak hours.
In the 2008 Land Transport Master Plan, the 1-kilometre (0.6 mi) North South Line extension was announced as one of the upcoming projects rolled out by the Land Transport Authority to expand Singapore's rail network.
The single station extension from Marina Bay to Marina South Pier station was opened on 23 November 2014.
This extension serves the Marina South Pier, the Marina Bay Cruise Centre Singapore, and future developments in the Marina Bay Downtown area.
On 17 January 2013, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) announced that a feasibility study was conducted to construct Canberra MRT station.
The feasibility study was completed in 2014 and LTA announced Canberra as a new station.
Construction of Canberra station commenced on 26 March 2016.
The station, which is an infill station with side platforms, was built along an operational section of the line between Sembawang and Yishun.
Canberra station opened on 2 November 2019. 
On 3 March 2003, a 23-year-old man lost control of his vehicle along Lentor Avenue, crashed through the fence, and landed on a stretch of track between Yio Chu Kang and Khatib stations.
The incident forced a train carrying hundreds of commuters to come to a screeching halt, but not before flattening the front of the car.
The accident disrupted train services for more than three hours and cost SMRT between S$100,000 and $150,000 in damages and lost revenue.
On 15 December 2011, train services between Bishan and Marina Bay stations were disrupted due to damage sustained on the power rail between City Hall and Dhoby Ghaut.
Trains along this stretch were stalled and caused a service disruption until 11:40 pm on that day.
Two days later, a similar problem caused a seven-hour disruption between Ang Mo Kio and Marina Bay.
According to SMRT, the disruption was caused by damage to the third rail and the trains' collector shoes.
These two service disruptions on the North South line were both related to damaged rail, and became one of the worst disruption since SMRT's inception in 1987.On 7 July 2015, train services on the North South and East West lines were temporarily disrupted due to massive power trips detected along both lines.
A cause of the disruption was due to damaged insulators which caused a failure to properly supply power.
For this disruption that brought inconvenience to 413,000 commuters, LTA imposed a 'record' fine of S$5.4 million on SMRT.On 7 October 2017, a 20-hour long disruption of services started due to flooding in the tunnels between Braddell station and Bishan station due to a faulty drainage system, resulting in disruption of train services between Ang Mo Kio and Marina South Pier stations in both directions for several hours.
A trackside fire between Raffles Place and Marina Bay stations further exacerbated the disruption.
Train services between Marina South Pier and Newton resumed at about 9:20 pm on the same day, followed by Newton and Ang Mo Kio at around 2 pm the following day.
Although no injuries or casualties were reported, SMRT fired a total of eight employees from the maintenance crew, and incurred a S$2 million fine, following the incident.
On 14 October 2020, train services from Jurong East to Woodlands stations were disrupted for more than three and a half hours, owing to a faulty power cable, which affected the East West Line and Circle Line too.
The power fault began at 7 pm and by 7:30 pm, commuters were stuck in the trains.
Free bus bridging services were activated at all affected stations, and bus operators increased the frequency of regular services serving these areas.
Service resumed at all stations along the north–south and East-West Lines at 10:35 pm.
Future PlansIn the Land Transport Master Plan 2040 (LTMP2040), two new stations are projected to be built along the existing North South Line.
Brickland station will be built between Bukit Gombak and Choa Chu Kang stations, while Sungei Kadut station will be built between Yew Tee and Kranji stations and provide an additional interchange with the Downtown line.
Both are expected to be completed by the mid-2030s.
Network and operationsServicesTrain services on the North South MRT line operates from approximately 5:30 am to around midnight daily.
In general, during peak hours, train frequency is 2 to 3 minutes while during non-peak hours the frequency is reduced to 5 minutes throughout the entire route.
Each day, the first train begins service at approximately 5:15 am (5:35 am on Sundays and public holidays) from Jurong East station to Marina South Pier station.
From Marina South Pier station, the first train going to Jurong East station begins service at 6:10 am (approximately 6:40 am on Sundays and public holidays).
In the evenings, selected trains from Jurong East station will terminate at the Ang Mo Kio and Toa Payoh stations.
Selected trains departing from Marina South Pier station will also terminate at Kranji station in the late evenings.
Train services on the North South Line are also subjected to maintenance and renewal works, usually on selected Fridays & Saturdays.
Operations of the North South Line are affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to the drop of ridership.
The North South line forms an incomplete loop from Jurong East in the West Region of Singapore, north to Woodlands and Sembawang, and south to the Central Area.
It is 45 kilometres (28 mi) long and is predominantly double-tracked, but certain short sections at the Woodlands, Yishun and Ang Mo Kio stations widen to three tracks, and four tracks at Jurong East station.
The line begins above ground at Jurong East station from where it continues north on a set of elevated viaducts, with the exception of a short tunnel between the Bukit Batok and Bukit Gombak stations, and a surface section of track between the Bukit Gombak and Choa Chu Kang stations.
The line curves from the Yew Tee to Kranji stations and continues eastwards, paralleling Woodlands Avenue 3 (which the line briefly cuts underneath between Kranji and Marsiling stations) and Avenue 7 main roads.
After Sembawang station, the line follows the route of Canberra Link and Yishun Avenue 2, curving southwards.
Between Khatib and Yio Chu Kang stations parallel to Lentor Avenue, the line continues at surface level; this section is the longest distance between any two MRT stations in Singapore.
The line continues above ground for the Yio Chu Kang and Ang Mo Kio stations, then it goes back to surface level for Bishan station, the MRT system's only at-grade station.
A branch line to Bishan Depot exists between the Ang Mo Kio and Bishan stations.
After Bishan, the line goes underground through the Central Area.
The North South line runs parallel to the East West line at the City Hall and Raffles Place stations, which are also cross-platform interchanges to the East West line.
The line terminates at Marina South Pier.
The line serves 27 stations across 45 kilometres (28 mi) of track, and station codes for the line are red, corresponding to the line's colour on the system map.
11 stations, from Braddell to Marina South Pier are underground, with the rest being ground-level or elevated.
With the exception of Bishan, Braddell and Canberra stations, the other stations have island platforms.
Similar rolling stock is used on the East West Line, with an electrification of 750 V DC powered by a third rail.
When the initial line opened, the rolling stock of the North South Line consisted of 66 first-generation C151 trains only.
The 19 second-generation C651 trains was introduced during the Woodlands extension to complement the existing 66 first-generation C151 trains.
The 21 third-generation C751B trains was introduced during the Changi Airport extension to complement the existing 66 first-generation C151 trains and 19 second-generation C651 trains.
In 2011, the fourth-generation C151A was introduced, increasing the passenger capacity of both the North South and East West lines by 15%.
The C151A trains was the first successful joint venture between Kawasaki Heavy Industries and CSR Qingdao Sifang in the international market.
As part of efforts to further increase passenger capacity on the line, newer C151B and C151C trains was subsequently delivered in 2017 and 2018 respectively.
The introduction of the C151B trains saw the introduction of STARiS 2.0, which is also seen in subsequent rolling stocks.
The C151C trains is also the first MRT rolling stock on the NSEWL to be fitted with tip-up seats, in addition to the current features of the C151B trains.
Another generation of rolling stock, the CR151 trains, will be delivered from 2022 to 2026, to replace all 66 first-generation C151, all 19 second-generation C651 and all 21 third-generation C751B trains which will be retired.
The CR151 trains will be the first rolling stock on the North South Line to be manufactured by Bombardier, which has also supplied trains for the Downtown Line.
SignallingInitially, the North South line used a semi-automatic signalling system consisting of the Westinghouse fixed block signalling system with automatic train control under automatic train operation GoA 2.
However, the ageing system had undermined the rail reliability on the line, requiring the NSL to upgrade its signalling system.
Since 2019, the North South line is fully equipped with Thales SelTrac Communications-based train control moving block signalling system with automatic train control under automatic train operation (ATO) GoA 3 (DTO).
The subsystems consist of automatic train protection to govern train speed, NetTrac MT Automatic Train Supervision (ATS) to track and schedule trains and a Computer-based interlocking system that prevents incorrect signal and track points to be set.
A new moving-block signalling system, supplied by Thales, replaced the ageing fixed-block signalling system on the North South line.
The upgrading works were completed in phases from 2016.
With the upgraded signalling system, trains are now able to run closer to each other.
The new system was tested on the evening of 28 March 2017.
Train services were paused for ten minutes as the old signalling system was being changed to the new system.
From 16 April 2017, the new system commenced full-day testing on Sundays for two months.
The new C151B rolling stock were first introduced to the line on these testing days.
Since 28 May 2017, the new signalling system has been operating full-day on the North South line.
The old signalling system then ceased operations on 2 January 2019.Platform screen doorsWhen the line was first opened, full-height platform screen doors supplied by Westinghouse were installed at underground stations.
These doors serve to prevent suicides, enable climate control within the station, better security control by restricting access to the tunnels and tracks and for overall passenger safety considerations.
The authorities initially rejected calls for platform screen doors to be installed at elevated stations by casting doubts over functionality and concerns about the high installation costs.
Nevertheless, the LTA reversed its decision and made plans to install half-height platform screen doors on elevated stations on 25 January 2008.
The first platform screen doors by ST Electronics were installed at Pasir Ris, Jurong East and Yishun stations in 2009 as trial runs.
Subsequently, installation began in May 2011 at Ang Mo Kio station.
On 14 March 2012, platform screen doors became operational at all elevated stations on the North South line.
RailThe NSL was built with wooden sleepers, which needed to be replaced when they neared the end of their lifespan of 15 to 25 years.
The replacement sleepers, made out of concrete, have a significantly longer lifespan and enable smoother and safer rides.
Since 2014, train services on the line have ended earlier for critical maintenance works, with the exception of a break between September 2016 and December 2017.Trains on the NSL are powered via a third rail.
However, constant contact between the train's Current Collector Devices (CCD) and the line saw the need for replacement works on the third rail, which were completed in August 2017.
The new third rail replaced its 30-year-old predecessor, which was used since the opening of the line.
The new electrical system is expected to make train services more reliable.
The East West line (EWL) is a high-capacity Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line operated by SMRT, running from Pasir Ris station in the east to Tuas Link station in the west, with an additional branch between Changi Airport and Tanah Merah stations.
It is the second Mass Rapid Transit line to be built in Singapore.
The 57.2 kilometres (35.5 mi) line is the longest on the MRT network (this title will be given to the Cross Island line upon its complete opening by the 2040s), with 35 stations, 8 of which (from Lavender to Tiong Bahru and Changi Airport stations) are underground.
Constructed and opened as part of the North South line (NSL) in the early stages of development, the East West line was formed after the opening of the eastern extension to Tanah Merah in 1989.
The East West Line signalling systems have been upgraded along with the North South Line and is the second line to have its signalling upgraded completely, converting it from semi-automatic to fully automated operations.
The first segment of what would become the East West line, between City Hall to Outram Park stations, was opened on 12 December 1987 as part of the North South line.
It was extended westwards to Clementi station on 12 March 1988.
During the construction of the extension to Clementi station, Commonwealth Avenue West was realigned to accommodate the viaduct.
The line was later extended to Lakeside on 5 November 1988.
The 15-kilometre (9.3 mi) eastern extension to Tanah Merah station opened on 4 November 1989, and the opening ceremony was attended by then First Deputy Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong.
At that point, the East West line was formed, reflecting the operational split from the North South line which has at the same time extended to Marina Bay station, and uses a green coloured theme.
The 6-kilometre (3.7 mi) line extension to Pasir Ris station was opened ahead of schedule on 16 December 1989 with a sneak preview beforehand.
Boon Lay station opened on 6 July 1990, marking the completion of the initial MRT system.
Construction on a new infill station Dover station between Buona Vista station and Clementi station began in June 1998.
The building of the station was met with reservations by some members of the public over the small area it serviced and there were criticisms over the spending of "taxpayers' money" chiefly for use only by students of one educational institution.
Despite some opposition, the Land Transport Authority proceeded with the construction to serve commuters along Singapore Polytechnic with Dover housing estate.
On 18 October 2001, Dover was opened.
Prior to opening, test runs were conducted from 13 to 17 October 2001 when the trains stopped at this station but did not open their doors.
Dover is the first station in the MRT network to be built as an infill station.
The idea of extending the Mass Rapid Transit system to Changi Airport was reconsidered when Terminal 3 of the airport was being built.
Earlier plans had long been made for a new line branching off from the existing East West line at Tanah Merah, with some conceptual plans showing a tentative route alignment up to the airport along Airport Boulevard, continuing beyond the airport to Changi Point, before turning southwest back towards the city along the eastern coasts.
The plans were finally announced by then Deputy Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong on 15 November 1996.
However, the new route alignment showed a deviation from previous plans, where the final plan involved in building only the first two stations of Expo, and Changi Airport, the latter being the underground station built between Terminal 2 and Terminal 3.
The alignment of the station at the airport also switched perpendicularly to an east–west direction, such that the station leads to two of the terminals directly from either end of the station.
The station's designs were unveiled on 10 February 1998 with construction starting on 29 January 1999.
Expo and Changi Airport were opened on 10 January 2001 and 8 February 2002 respectively and operates under a shuttle service.
Prior to 22 July 2003, train services from Boon Lay commences after the opening, but were later reverted to shuttle services due to low patronage.
On 25 May 2019, it was announced that the Changi Airport Extension will be converted to become part of Thomson-East Coast line Extension (TELe) by 2040.Boon Lay and Tuas extensionThe 3.8-kilometre (2.4 mi) Boon Lay extension was first announced by the LTA on 29 December 2004, set to serve residents from the Jurong West Town area and those working in the Jurong Industrial Estate.
The two stations, Pioneer and Joo Koon stations, officially opened on 28 February 2009.On 11 January 2011, the Tuas West extension, an extension of the East West line from Joo Koon to Tuas Link was announced.
The extension has a span of 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi), which spans a twin-tracked MRT viaduct, four above-ground stations and a 26-hectare depot to provide stabling and maintenance facilities for the additional trains that will be bought for the extension and to cater for future expansion of the line.
The viaduct is integrated with part of a 4.8-kilometre-long (3.0 mi) road viaduct along Pioneer Road, which will increase the road capacity to cope with anticipated increase in traffic.
The stations are Gul Circle, Tuas Crescent, Tuas West Road, and Tuas Link.
On 4 May 2012, the Land Transport Authority marked the start of construction of the Tuas West extension with a groundbreaking ceremony at the site of the future Tuas Link station.
The extension began service on 18 June 2017.
During initial stages after opening, the westbound trains will alternate their terminus between Joo Koon and Tuas Link, where for every two trains, one train will terminate at the former, while the other train will terminate at the latter.
Additional platform at Tanah Merah station.
On 25 August 2014, the Land Transport Authority announced that a new platform will be constructed at Tanah Merah, enabling faster travel and shorter waiting times for commuters heading towards Expo and Changi Airport on the Changi Airport branch line of the East West line.
On 26 October 2016, the Land Transport Authority awarded the civil contract to Lum Chang Building Contractors Pte. Ltd. to build a new platform at Tanah Merah and viaducts for a contract sum of S$325 million.
In addition to the new platforms, the existing East West line tracks will be extended to connect the line to the new four-in-one East Coast Integrated Depot at Changi.
When completed in 2024, it will be the second station to have triple island platforms after Jurong East.
The authorities initially rejected the proposal by casting doubts over functionality and concerns about the high installation costs, but made an about-turn later with the government announcing plans to install half-height platform screen doors on the elevated stations on 25 January 2008, citing lower costs due to its becoming a more common feature worldwide.
They were first installed at Jurong East, Pasir Ris, and Yishun stations in 2009 as trial runs.
On 31 August 2011, the LTA announced completion of the installation of PSDs along the East West line, with Expo being the last station on the line to receive the PSDs.
Installation of PSDs across both the North South and East West lines (NSEWL) were completed on 14 March 2012, 3 months ahead of schedule.
The work was divided into three phases: Phase 1 (Bugis - Tanah Merah), Phase 2 (Joo Koon - Jurong East, Tanah Merah - Pasir Ris) and Phase 3 (Jurong East - Outram Park).
The new system became operational between Pioneer and Tuas Link stations on 18 June 2017.
The new third rail replaced its 30-year-old predecessor and is expected to increase reliability of the East West line's electrical system.
On 5 August 1993, before opening, a maintenance vehicle spilt oil on the tracks between Clementi and Jurong East. This incident was known as the Clementi train collision.
The first ten eastbound trains reported braking problems, then the eleventh train from Jurong stopped at the Clementi station for two minutes longer than scheduled due to it using its emergency brakes to stop at the station at 7.50 am, before being hit by another eastbound train when it failed to stop in time.
During the evening peak hours on 7 July 2015, train services on the East West and North South lines were temporarily disrupted due to massive power trips detected along both lines.
For this disruption that brought inconvenience to 413,000 commuters, LTA imposed a 'record' fine of S$5.4 million on SMRT.
At about 11.08 am on 22 March 2016, two SMRT track-maintenance trainee staff were killed after a C151 train approaching Pasir Ris station ran over them, resulting in a temporarily service delay between Tanah Merah and Pasir Ris for about 2.5 hours and affected at least 10,000 commuters.
In a report, the two trainee staff joined SMRT in January 2016 and worked as technicians under a technical team of 15 staff led by a supervisor and were tasked to go down to the tracks to investigate an alarm triggered by a possible signalling equipment fault close by the station.
An operator cited that they were granted access to the tracks, but did not coordinate with a Signal Unit in the station to ensure trains could not travel in the area where the team was.
A second train collision occurred on 15 November 2017 at approximately 8.18am, where two C151A trains collided at Joo Koon MRT station.
A train fault caused the first train heading in the direction of Tuas Link to stall at the station.
38 people, which include two SMRT staff were hospitalized.
Train services between Tuas Link and Joo Koon stations were temporally suspended on both directions for two hours on the day itself and the entire day on 16 November 2017, resulting that the westbound trains would temporarily terminate at Joo Koon.
An update by the Land Transport Authority (LTA) & SMRT on 16 November 2017 stated that LTA and SMRT have decided to isolate for up to one month the operations of the Tuas West extension, which runs on the new signalling system, from the rest of the East West line, which runs on the old signalling system, enabling LTA engineers to carry out further assurance checks together with Thales.
Train service on the line resumed on 20 November, with the Tuas West extension between Gul Circle and Tuas Link using the new signalling system and the section between Pasir Ris and Joo Koon, together with the Changi Airport Branch continuing to run on the old signalling system.
Train services between Joo Koon and Gul Circle were temporarily suspended until its resumption on 28 May 2018; between the suspension a free bridging bus service is available between the two stations.
Continuous service between Pasir Ris and Gul Circle resumed on 28 May 2018, with the permanent activation of the new CBTC system; since the incident, selected portions of either North South or East West line were to conduct track renewal works with early weekend closures and later station openings.
As its name implies, the East West line connects central Singapore to both eastern and western parts of the island, with an additional branch between Changi Airport and Tanah Merah, which operates as a separate shuttle service.
Some stations are commonly placed at the middle of the roads such as Tanah Merah, Bedok, Queenstown, Commonwealth, Dover, Clementi, Pioneer, Joo Koon, Gul Circle, Tuas Crescent and Tuas West Road.
The line runs mostly on overhead viaducts but goes underground in the city area between Kallang and Redhill, Bedok and Kembangan, and between Expo and Changi Airport.
The line serves 35 stations across 56.7 kilometres (35.2 mi) of track, and station codes for the line are green, corresponding to the line's colour on the system map. 8 stations, Changi Airport and 7 stations on the stretch from Lavender to Tiong Bahru are underground, with the rest being elevated.
With the exception of Dover, all stations have island platforms.
used to operate the branch sector of Tanah Merah to Changi Airport as a through service from Boon Lay from 18 November 2001 until 22 July 2003, when it was replaced with a shuttle service.
By 2040, the Changi Airport line (CAL) will be converted to the Thomson-East Coast line.
Trains are maintained at Ulu Pandan Depot, Changi Depot and Tuas Depot, which provides train maintenance, inspection and overhaul facilities.
These models of rolling stock were introduced to boost the capacity on both the North South and the East West lines in order to cope with increasing ridership.
Both the North South and the East West lines utilized identical rolling stock up until the recent years, when the C151A trains was temporary suspended from operating on the North South Line from January 2012 until November 2013 following the 2011 Train Disruptions.
The C151B trains, which was introduced in April 2017, did not begin revenue service on the full-stretch of the East West Line until the line's trial of the CBTC signalling system in May 2018.
The C151C trains, despite its introduction on 30 September 2018, is not operating on the East West Line.
The CR151 trains will be the first rolling stock on the East West Line to be manufactured by Bombardier, which has also supplied trains for the Downtown Line.
The stretch of track between Pioneer and Tuas Link stations was equipped with the new signalling system which came into use in June 2017.
As the section of track between Pioneer and Joo Koon support both signalling systems, trains terminating at either Joo Koon or Tuas Link would have to change signalling modes at Pioneer MRT station as trains terminating at Joo Koon would proceed to a turn back siding which was built as part of the TWE which only supports the new signalling system.
Eastbound trains towards Pasir Ris would have to change back to the old signalling system at Pioneer MRT station.
This procedure was removed after the train collision at Joo Koon as trains terminated at Joo Koon.
Tuas West extension stations have had half-height platform screen doors, manufactured by Fangda, since their opening.
The Downtown Line (DTL) is a medium-capacity Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line in Singapore operated by the SBS Transit company.
It runs from Bukit Panjang station in the north-west to Expo station in the east via the Central Area.
The DTL is the fifth MRT line on the network to be opened and the third line to be entirely underground.
It is the second MRT line to be operated by SBS Transit, after the North East Line.
Originally planned as three separate lines, the lines merged into the Downtown Line in 2007 and construction began in three stages.
The first section, from Bugis to Chinatown station, opened in December 2013, followed by the second section from Bukit Panjang to Rochor station opening in December 2015.
The third and final stage, from Fort Canning to Expo station, opened in October 2017.
At 41.9 kilometres (26.0 mi), the DTL is the longest underground and automated rapid transit line in Singapore as of 2017.
Stage 3e, an extension of the line to Sungei Bedok, is under construction and is scheduled to begin operations in 2024, while a new infill station, Hume station, is planned to open in 2025.
An extension to connect with the North South line at Sungei Kadut station is also being planned and set to open in the 2030s.
At the official opening of the Dover station on 23 October 2001, then-Minister for Communications and Information Technology Yeo Cheow Tong announced three MRT lines, two of which - the Bukit Timah Line and the northern part of the Eastern Region Line - will be part of today's DTL.
The Bukit Timah Line aimed to alleviate the traffic problems along the Bukit Timah and Dunearn Road corridor, and provide a direct link to the city area for residents in Choa Chu Kang and Bukit Panjang.
The proposed Eastern Region Line, slated to be a loop in the eastern regions, aimed to relieve the passenger load on the often-congested East West line and benefiting those living in Tampines, Bedok and Marine Parade.
On 14 June 2005, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) announced the Downtown Extension (renamed to Downtown Line Stage 1), which would serve the New Downtown at Marina Bay area, where an integrated resort (Marina Bay Sands) and Singapore's second botanical garden (Gardens by the Bay) were to be located.
The 3.4-kilometre (2.1 mi) extension, estimated to cost S$1.4 billion, was initially announced to be part of the Circle line.
On 27 April 2007, then Transport Minister Raymond Lim announced that the Downtown Line would be built in three stages stretching 40 kilometres (25 mi) with 33 stations.
Stage 2, first conceptualized and announced as the Bukit Timah line on 23 October 2001, is 16.6 kilometres (10.3 mi) long with 12 stations connecting Bukit Panjang and Rochor stations, including four interchange stations.
Construction for Stage 2 began on 3 July 2009 with a groundbreaking ceremony at Beauty World station.
Stage 3 goes from Chinatown to Expo.
The cost exceeded those of the Circle Line (at $6.7 billion) and the North East Line (at $4.6 billion).
This was because one of the main contractors for the DTL2, Alpine Bau (which was building King Albert Park, Sixth Avenue and Tan Kah Kee), went bankrupt in mid-2013.
On 28 June 2015, Transport Minister Lui Tuck Yew announced that the delay was "completely resolved" by the authorities and Stage 2's opening date was brought forward to 27 December 2015.
The DTL 3 started operations on 21 October 2017, officially opened by Transport Minister Khaw Boon Wan.
To serve the line, the Gali Batu Depot was opened in December 2015 to stable 42 trains.
It is situated at part of the former Kwong Hou Sua Teochew Cemetery off Woodlands Road.
Also in February that year, the Land Transport Authority announced that the capacity of the depot will be expanded to stable 81 trains by 2019.
On 17 January 2013, plans were announced for a southern extension extending from Expo to connect with the Eastern Region line (ERL); the ERL has since been subsumed into the Thomson-East Coast line.
The extension was to provide more travel options and enhance connectivity for the residents along the East Coast.
The Downtown Line 3 extension (DTL3e) was finalised and announced on 15 August 2014, in conjunction with the announcement of the Thomson–East Coast line.
Two stations, Xilin MRT station and Sungei Bedok MRT station, will be added to the Downtown Line, with Sungei Bedok as an interchange station with the Thomson–East Coast line.
It will lengthen the line by 2.2 km (1.4 mi).
Expected to be completed in 2024, Stage 3e will connect the current East West line at Expo station and the future TEL at Sungei Bedok station.
On 7 March 2019, Hume station was announced to be opened by 2025 to better serve Hillview residents.
An additional extension to the Downtown Line to Sungei Kadut station from Bukit Panjang station was announced on 25 May 2019 by the LTA.
The extension is set to cut down travel time to the downtown area by up to 30 minutes for those living in the northwestern area of Singapore.
A study will also be conducted to determine the stops to be added between the Sungei Kadut and the existing Bukit Panjang stations.
A malfunction in the platform screen doors at Botanic Gardens station resulted in trains bypassing the station and a seven-hour disruption on 3 May 2017.
Downtown line operator SBS Transit said that the doors malfunctioned at 5:45 am due to a signalling-related fault, and could not open automatically.
The fault was rectified at 12:54 pm and the platform reopened for passenger service, with the affected door remaining closed for repairs.
The Downtown line generally goes in an east–west direction from Bukit Panjang in the northwestern side of Singapore, through the downtown area of Singapore, to Tampines and the Singapore Expo in the east.
Before Bukit Panjang station, there exists a brief northwards extension to the line's depot Gali Batu Depot.
The line begins at the Bukit Panjang station and then goes in the southeast direction, running parallel to Upper Bukit Timah Road and along the Bukit Timah Canal through Bukit Timah.
The line then enters the central area, passing through Little India station before reaching the Central Business District via Bugis station.
The Downtown line runs parallel to the Circle line at the Promenade and Bayfront stations.
Passing through the Downtown Core, the line interchanges with the North East line at Chinatown station.
After Chinatown station, the line goes in a northeast direction and under the Singapore River.
Between the Bencoolen and Jalan Besar stations, the line intersects itself, the first MRT line to do so.
After Geylang Bahru station, the line continues in a general eastwards direction, through the industrial areas of Kampong Ubi and Kaki Bukit (briefly paralleling Ubi Avenue 2 and Kaki Bukit Avenue 1), before continuing towards the Tampines Regional Centre and goes southwards, ending at Changi Business Park.
The DTL3 extension (DTL3e) from Expo station will extend the line further towards the Thomson–East Coast line at Sungei Bedok station.
As of 2011, the Downtown line has one type of rolling stock, the Bombardier MOVIA C951(A) cars, running in a three-car formation.
They have been stabled at Gali Batu Depot since it opened with Stage 2 of the downtown line on 27 December 2015.
For the period between the opening of Stage 1 and that of Stage 2, trains were stabled at a maintenance facility that was built at Marina Bay as part of the Circle line project.
Kim Chuan Depot housed the Operations Control Centre for the Downtown Line Stage 1 until Gali Batu Depot was ready.
On 12 October 2012, the first of 11 trains for the line arrived at Jurong Port.
It was transported to Kim Chuan Depot to undergo testing by the LTA before it was handed over to SBS Transit.
As of 28 February 2013, Bombardier had delivered five of the 11 trains for Downtown line stage 1.
LTA together with the operator, SBS Transit, conducted the necessary tests to ensure safety standards, functional performance and systems compatibility requirements were met before revenue service began on 22 December 2013.Testing for Stage 2 began on 25 October 2015 and rolling stock that was delivered to Gali Batu Depot commenced service in Stage 1 on 21 October 2015.
Kim Chuan Depot, together with the adjacent Tai Seng Facility Building, operated in a minor capacity until Stage 3 opened.
A new depot, named the East Coast Integrated Depot, is planned to provide additional stabling capacity to the line in 2024.
The network is additionally scheduled to interchange with the Johor Bahru-Singapore Rapid Transit System that will traverse the Johore Strait once completed, connecting Singapore with the southern Malaysian city of Johor Bahru.
The MRT is the oldest, busiest, and most expansive metro system in Southeast Asia.
A number of underground stations double as purpose-built air raid shelters under the operational authority of the Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF); these stations incorporate deep-level station boxes cast with hardened concrete and blast doors fashioned out of reinforced steel to withstand conventional aerial and chemical ordnance.
The origins of the Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) are derived from a forecast by city planners in 1967 which stated the need for a rail-based urban transport system by 1992.
The North South Line was given priority because it passed through the Central Area that has a high demand for public transport.
The Mass Rapid Transit Corporation (MRTC) - later renamed SMRT Corporation-was established on 14 October 1983 and took over the roles and responsibilities of the former provisional Mass Rapid Transit Authority.
On 7 November 1987, the first section of the North South Line started operations, consisting of five stations over six kilometres.
Within a year, 20 more stations had been added to the network and a direct service existed between Yishun and Lakeside stations, linking up Central Singapore to Jurong in the west by the end of 1988.
The direct service was eventually split into the North South and East West lines after the latter's completion of the eastern sector to Tanah Merah station.
By the end of 1990, the Branch line has further linked Choa Chu Kang to the network while the inauguration of Boon Lay station on 6 July 1990 marked the completion of the initial system two years ahead of schedule.
On 10 February 1996, a S$1.2 billion expansion of the North South Line into Woodlands was completed, merging the Branch Line into the North South Line and joining Yishun and Choa Chu Kang stations.
The concept of having rail lines that bring people almost directly to their homes led to the introduction of the Light Rail Transit (LRT) lines connecting with the MRT network.
On 6 November 1999, the first LRT trains on the Bukit Panjang LRT went into operation.
The Expo and Changi Airport stations were opened on 10 January 2001 and 8 February 2002 respectively.
The very first infill station of the MRT network to be built on an existing line, Dover station opened on 18 October 2001.
The North East Line, the first line operated by SBS Transit, opened on 20 June 2003, is one of the first fully automated heavy rail lines in the world.
On 15 January 2006, after intense two-and-a-half years lobbying by the public, Buangkok station was opened, followed by Woodleigh station much later on 20 June 2011.
The Boon Lay Extension of the East West Line, consisting of Pioneer and Joo Koon stations, opened on 28 February 2009.The Circle Line opened in four stages with Stage 3 on 28 May 2009, Stages 1 and 2 on 17 April 2010, Stages 4 and 5 on 8 October 2011 and the Marina Bay Extension on 14 January 2012.
Stage 1 of Downtown line opened on 22 December 2013 with its official opening made on 21 December 2013 by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
Stage 2 opened on 27 December 2015, after being officially opened on 26 December by Prime Minister Lee.
The Tuas West Extension of the East West Line, consisting of Gul Circle, Tuas Crescent, Tuas West Road, and Tuas Link stations, opened on 18 June 2017.
Stage 3, the final stage of the Downtown Line, opened on 21 October 2017 with its official opening made on 20 October 2017 by Coordinating Minister for Infrastructure and Minister for Transport Khaw Boon Wan.
The second infill station, Canberra station opened on 2 November 2019.
Stage 1 of the Thomson–East Coast Line opened on 31 January 2020.
Stage 2 of the Thomson–East Coast Line began operations on 28 August 2021, extending the line from Woodlands South to Caldecott.
Except for the partly at-grade Bishan MRT station (North South Line), the entirety of the MRT is either elevated or underground.
The Land Transport Authority (LTA) announced a plan to introduce dual speeds to escalators along the North South and East West lines, to make it safer for senior citizens using them.
This is particularly evident in the first few stages of the North South and East West lines that opened between 1987 and 1988 from Yio Chu Kang to Clementi.
An exception to this was Orchard, chosen by its designers to be a "showpiece" of the system and built initially with a domed roof.
Architectural themes became more important only in subsequent stages, and resulted in such designs as the cylindrical station shapes on all stations between Kallang and Pasir Ris except Eunos, and west of Boon Lay, and the perched roofs at Boon Lay, Lakeside, Chinese Garden, Bukit Batok, Bukit Gombak, Choa Chu Kang, Khatib, Yishun, and Eunos stations.
Expo station, located on the Changi Airport branch of the East West Line, is adjacent to the 100,000-square-metre Singapore Expo exhibition facility.
The other station with similar architecture is Dover.
Changi Airport station, the easternmost station on the MRT network, has the widest platform in any underground MRT station in Singapore.
Two Circle Line stations - Bras Basah and Stadium-were commissioned through the Marina Line Architectural Design Competition, which was jointly organised by the Land Transport Authority and the Singapore Institute of Architects.
The competition did not require any prior architectural experience from competitors and is acknowledged by the industry as one of the most impartial competitions held in Singapore to date.
In 2009, "Best Transport Building" was awarded to the designers at WOHA Architects at the World Architecture Festival for their design of Bras Basah station.
With over 300 art pieces across 80 stations, it is Singapore's largest public art programme.
In the early stages of the MRT, artworks were seldom included; primarily consisting of a few paintings or sculptures representing the recent past of Singapore, mounted in major stations.
The opening of the Woodlands Extension introduced bolder pieces of artwork, such as a 4,000 kg sculpture in Woodlands.
With the opening of the North East line in 2003, a series of artworks under a programme called "Art in Transit" were commissioned by the Land Transport Authority (LTA).
Subsequently, all stations on the North East, Circle and Downtown lines have taken part in this programme during their construction, with additional artworks installed at stations on other MRT lines.
At present, all lines run with fixed-length trains between three and six cars, with the Thomson–East Coast Line using four cars.
Since the system's conception in 1987, all train lines have been powered by the 750 volt DC third rail, with the exception of the North East Line which is powered by 1500 volt DC overhead lines.
The North South and East West lines use an automatic train operation system similar to London Underground's Central line.
As a trial run, luggage racks were installed on the C751B trains to serve travellers on the Changi Airport branch line.
Official sources occasionally refer to the trains of the North South and East West lines as numbered generation trains, with the C151 train being the first and the newest C151C train being the sixth.
The oldest lines, the North South Line and East West Line, were the only lines running with fixed block signalling.
The North South Line was upgraded to moving block/CBTC in 2017, and the East West line upgraded in 2018.
As of 27 May 2018, all MRT lines use the CBTC/moving block system in normal daily operations and from 2 January 2019, the old signalling system ceased operations.
In comparison to the original fixed block system, the CBTC can reduce train intervals from 120 seconds to 100 seconds, allowing for a 20% increase in capacity and is able to support bidirectional train operations on a single track, enabling trains to be diverted onto another track in the event of a fault on one track.
The CBTC system also permits for improved braking performance in wet weather as compared to the original fixed-block ATC.All new MRT lines built since the North East Line in 2003 were equipped with CBTC from the outset, and have the capability to be completely driverless and automated, requiring no on-board staffing.
Operations are monitored remotely from the operations control centre of the respective lines.
Trains are equipped with intercoms to allow passengers to communicate with staff during emergencies.
DepotsSMRT Corporation has six train depots: Bishan Depot is the central maintenance depot for the North South Line with train overhaul facilities, while Changi Depot and Ulu Pandan Depot inspect and house trains overnight.
The newer Tuas Depot, opened in 2017, provides the East West Line with its own maintenance facility, while Mandai Depot services trains for the Thomson–East Coast line.
The underground Kim Chuan Depot houses trains for the Circle and Downtown lines, now jointly managed by the two MRT operators.
SBS Transit has three depots: Sengkang Depot houses trains for the North East line, the Sengkang LRT line, and the Punggol LRT line.
Tai Seng Facility Building, connected to and located east of Kim Chuan Depot, is currently used for the Downtown line.
While major operations were shifted to the main Gali Batu Depot in 2015, the Tai Seng Facility Building resumed stabling operations with the extension of the Downtown line in 2017.
It currently operates independently from Kim Chuan Depot.
Gali Batu Depot is the first MRT depot in Singapore to achieve the certification of Building and Construction Authority (BCA) Green Mark Gold.
In August 2014, plans for the East Coast Integrated Depot, the world's first four-in-one train and bus depot were announced.
It will be built at Tanah Merah beside the original Changi Depot site to serve the East West, Downtown, and Thomson–East Coast lines.
The Tengah Depot for the Jurong Region Line will be situated at the western perimeter of Tengah, and an additional depot facility will be added near Peng Kang Hill station to support the operations of the JRL.
Rolling stock for the Jurong Region Line will be stabled at both facilities.
Tengah Depot will house the JRL Operations Control Centre and have a bus depot integrated with it to optimise land use.
The Changi East Depot will serve the future Cross Island Line, and the depot is to be placed at the eastern end of the line.
An Integrated Train Testing Centre with several test tracks for different situations and workshops for maintenance and refurbishment is also to be built at Tuas by 2022, with the main function being to test trains and integrated systems robustly before they are deployed on operational lines.
New lines and extensions are mostly announced as part of the Land Transport Master Plan, which is announced every five years and outlines the government's intentions for the future of the transport network in Singapore.
The latest plan, the Land Transport Master Plan 2040, was announced on 25 May 2019, and provides for line extensions to the Downtown and Thomson-East Coast lines, a new MRT line under study, and 2 new stations on the North South line.
The 42-kilometre (26 mi), 34 station fully underground Downtown Line connects the north-west and eastern regions of Singapore with a loop travelling through the city center.
It commenced operations in three stages, with the initial Bugis to Chinatown segment in 2013, Bukit Panjang to Rochor in 2015 and Fort Canning to Expo in 2017.
An extension from Expo is planned to begin operations in 2024, adding an additional 2.2 kilometres and 2 stations to the line, terminating at Sungei Bedok and interchanging with the Thomson-East Coast line.
Hume is an infill station between Hillview and Beauty World and expected to open by 2025.
Upon Hume's opening, the entire line will be 44 kilometres long and have 37 stations in total.
A proposal has been further mooted to extend the line from Bukit Panjang towards Sungei Kadut which will interchange with the North South Line.
The 43-kilometre (27 mi), 32 station fully underground Thomson-East Coast Line is designed to connect the northern region of Singapore to the south, running parallel to the existing North South line passing through Woodlands, Sin Ming, Upper Thomson, and Marina Bay before turning east and running through Tanjong Rhu, Siglap, Marine Parade, and Bedok.
It commenced operation starting with Stage 1 from Woodlands North to Woodlands South on 31 January 2020.
The other four stages follow suit, with Stage 2 from Springleaf to Caldecott on 28 August 2021, Stage 3 from Mount Pleasant to Gardens by the Bay in 2022 (excluding Mount Pleasant and Marina South, which will open at a later date), Stage 4 from Tanjong Rhu to Bayshore in 2024 and Stage 5 from Bedok South to Sungei Bedok in 2025.
The northern terminus of Woodlands North is expected to interchange with the Johor Bahru–Singapore Rapid Transit System to provide access to Johor Bahru and the future Iskandar Malaysia Bus Rapid Transit.
Founders' Memorial station is an infill station along Stage 4, but is scheduled to instead open in tandem with the Founders' Memorial in 2027.
In addition, this line and the Canberra MRT Station was the first to use Top-Up Kiosks (TUK) that only allows cashless payments, while GTMs were retained for traditional modes of payment.
Line extension to Changi AirportIn addition to the previously announced alignment of the Thomson–East Coast Line, an extension has been proposed to connect it to Changi Airport, with the line passing through Terminal 5, and eventually absorbing the existing Changi Airport branch on the East West line.
With such an extension, there would be a direct connection between Changi Airport and the city.
First proposed as an LRT line when originally announced in 2001, the 20-kilometre (12 mi) Jurong Region Line has since been upgraded to be a medium capacity line after the project was revived in 2013.
The new configuration encompasses West Coast, Tengah and Choa Chu Kang and Jurong.
Besides the original announced alignment of the line, a West Coast extension to the Circle Line from the Jurong Region Line is currently under study, linking the West Coast region directly to Haw Par Villa, and allowing commuters on the Jurong Region line access to the central area of the city easily.
The 50-kilometre (31 mi) Cross Island line is expected to span the island of Singapore, passing through Tuas, Jurong, Sin Ming, Ang Mo Kio, Hougang, Punggol, Pasir Ris, and Changi.
In addition, the extension to Punggol consists of three stations spanning 7.3 kilometers, and is planned to be completed by 2032.
The 4-kilometre (2.5 mi) extension Stage 6 from Marina Bay through Keppel, ending at HarbourFront, effectively completes the circle and links the current ends of the line, allowing for through service through the future Southern Waterfront City without the need to change to other lines.
Stage 6 comprises the Keppel, Cantonment, and Prince Edward Road stations.
Originally scheduled to be completed by 2030, the 1.6-kilometre (0.99 mi) North East Line Extension is being built from Punggol through Punggol North including the new Punggol Downtown to the new tentatively named Punggol Coast station.
Two new stations are planned along the existing North South Line.
Brickland station is expected to be built between Bukit Gombak and Choa Chu Kang stations, while Sungei Kadut station is expected to be built between Yew Tee and Kranji stations.
The proposed line runs from the Woodlands planning area to the Greater Southern Waterfront, passing through areas such as Sembawang, Sengkang, Serangoon North, Whampoa and Kallang.
Historically, fares on the fully underground North East, Circle, and Downtown lines had been higher than those of the North South and East West lines (NSEWL), a disparity that was justified by citing higher costs of operation and maintenance on a completely underground line.
However, the Public Transport Council (PTC) announced in 2016 that fares for the three underground lines would be reduced to match those on the NSEWL, which took effect along with the yearly-applied fare changes, on 30 December 2016.After the opening of Downtown line Stage 3, Transport Minister Khaw Boon Wan announced that public transport fare rules will be reviewed to allow for transfers across MRT lines at different stations due to the increasing density of the rail network.
Nevertheless, the LTA reversed its decision and made plans to install half-height platform screen doors in all elevated stations on 25 January 2008.
The first platform screen doors by ST Electronics were installed at Jurong East, Pasir Ris, and Yishun stations in 2009 under trials to test their feasibility.
On 5 August 1993, two trains collided at Clementi station because of an oil spillage on the track, which resulted in 132 injuries.
During the construction of the Circle Line on 20 April 2004, a tunnel being constructed under Nicoll Highway collapsed and led to the deaths of four people.
On 15 November 2017, at 8:20 am, two trains collided at Joo Koon station, injuring 36 passengers and 2 SMRT staff.
For the December 2011 disruptions, the Land Transport Authority imposed a maximum punishment of S$2 million on SMRT (approximately US$1.526 million) for the two train disruptions along the North South Line on 15 and 17 December 2011.
Independent experts from Sweden and Japan were hired to conduct investigation into the cause of the disruption.
For the July 2015 disruption, LTA imposed a higher penalty of S$5.4 million on SMRT.
On 22 March 2016, a fatal accident occurred off Pasir Ris station.
The operator said the team had permission to access the tracks, but did not coordinate with a signal unit in the station control to ensure train captains in the area where the team was exercised caution while pulling into Pasir Ris station.
This incident resulted in a 2.5-hour service delay between Tanah Merah and Pasir Ris Stations, affecting at least 10,000 commuters.
Urban transport expert Park Byung Joon from the Singapore University of Social Sciences added that the negligence displayed by SMRT in this regard was tantamount to a criminal offence, and after an internal investigation, found that the maintenance crew of the Bishan Station's pump system had submitted maintenance records for nearly a year without actually carrying out the works.
The North South Line, which was hit by the tunnel flood in 2017, in particular saw its train-km between delays increase by ten-fold from 89,000 km between delays in 2017 to 894,000 km in 2018.
By July 2019, the Mean Kilometres Between Failure (MKBF) for the North South and East West lines had jumped to 700,000 km and 1,400,000 km respectively.
After the Madrid train bombings in 2004 and the foiled plot to bomb the Yishun MRT station in 2001, the operators deployed private, unarmed guards to patrol station platforms and conduct checks on the belongings of commuters, especially those carrying bulky items.
In 2005, the Singapore Police Force announced plans to step up rail security by establishing a specialised security unit for public transport, then known as the Police MRT unit.
The unit today expanded to become Public Transport Security Command (TRANSCOM) since 2009.
In January 2006, Exercise Northstar V involved over 2,000 personnel from 22 government agencies responding to simulated bombings and chemical attacks at Dhoby Ghaut, Toa Payoh, Raffles Place and Marina Bay stations.
In August 2013, Exercise Greyhound tested the response of SBS Transit's Operations Control Centre and the implementation of its contingency plans for bus bridging, free bus service and deployment of goodwill ambassadors (GAs) during a simulated prolonged train service disruption.
About 300 personnel including representatives from LTA, SBST, SMRT, the Singapore Police Force's Transport Command (TransCom), Traffic Police and Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) participated in the exercise.
The first incident, on 17 May 2010, involved a breach in the perimeter fence of Changi Depot and resulted in the imprisonment and caning of a Swiss citizen, and an Interpol arrest warrant for his accomplice.
Measures were put in place by the Public Transport Security Committee to enhance depot security in light of the first incident, but works were yet to be completed by SMRT Corporation when the second incident, on 17 August 2011, occurred at Bishan Depot.
Singapore is a very small, heavily urbanised, island city-state in Southeast Asia, located at the end of the Malayan Peninsula between Malaysia and Indonesia.
Singapore has a total land area of 724.2 square kilometres (279.6 sq mi).The Singapore area comprises mainland and other islands.
The mainland of Singapore measures 50 kilometres (31 mi) from east to west and 27 kilometres (17 mi) from north to south with 193 kilometres (120 mi) of coastline.
Singapore is separated from Indonesia by the Singapore Strait and from Malaysia by the Straits of Johor.
Singapore's main territory is a diamond-shaped island, although its territory includes surrounding smaller islands.
The farthest outlying island is Pedra Branca.
Of Singapore's dozens of smaller islands, Jurong Island, Pulau Tekong, Pulau Ubin and Sentosa are the larger ones.
Most of Singapore is no more than 15 metres above sea level.
The highest point of Singapore is Bukit Timah Hill, with a height from ground of 165 m (538 ft) and made up of igneous rock, granite.
Singapore has no natural lakes, but reservoirs and water catchment areas have been constructed to store fresh water for Singapore's water supply.
Singapore has reclaimed land with earth obtained from its own hills, the seabed, and neighbouring countries.
Singapore is one-and-a-half degrees north of the equator, lying entirely between the 1st and 2nd parallels.
Singapore's climate is classified as tropical rainforest climate (Köppen climate classification Af), with no true distinct seasons.
The highest 24-hour rainfall figures ever recorded in history were 512.4 mm (20.2 in) (2 December 1978) at Paya Lebar, 467 mm (18.4 in) (1969) and 366 mm (14.4 in) (19 December 2006).The temperature hovers around a diurnal range of a minimum of 25 °C (77.0 °F) and a maximum of 33 °C (91.4 °F).
May is the hottest month of the year in Singapore, followed by June.
The lowest recorded temperature was 19.0 °C (66.2 °F) in 14 February 1989 at Paya Lebar.
Generally, there is much more rainfall on the western side of the island than on the eastern portion of Singapore, owing to a rain shadow effect.
Thus, the eastern side of Singapore is much drier and slightly hotter than western Singapore.
This is significant to note because even a small hill such as Bukit Timah Hill can cause this phenomenon.
Despite Singapore's small size, there may be sunshine on one side while there is rain on the other.
Singapore recognises that climate change in the decades ahead will have major implications for the island-nation.
For the research, a Centre for Climate Research Singapore (CCRS) has been established, located at 36 Kim Chuan Road.
Singapore is the first country in Southeast Asia to levy a carbon tax, at $5 per ton, applicable for its largest carbon-emitting corporations that produce more than 25,000 tons of carbon dioxide per year.
To reduce the country's dependence on fossil fuels, it is building one of the world's largest floating solar farm at Tengeh Reservoir in Tuas, with a capacity of 60MW. 
Although Singapore does not observe daylight saving time (DST), it follows the UTC+8 time zone, one hour ahead of the typical zone for its geographical location.
Igneous rocks are found in Bukit Timah and Woodlands and Pulau Ubin island.
Gabbro is also found in the area and is found in an area called Little Guilin named for its resemblance to Guilin in Southern China.
This area is in Bukit Gombak.
Sedimentary rocks are found on the western part of Singapore and is mainly made of sandstone and mudstones.
Metamorphic rocks are found in the northeastern part of Singapore and also on Pulau Tekong off the east coast of Singapore.
Singapore is relatively safe from seismic activity in the region, as the nearest major active faults are hundreds of kilometres away in Indonesia.
In late 2004, several parts of Asia and Africa were struck by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and the resulting tsunami.
Singapore was fortunate as it was protected by the Sumatra landmass, which bore the brunt of the tsunami; the effect on Singapore was limited to tremors felt in some of the common high-rise buildings there.
When Singapore was first colonized by the British, the City of Singapore was situated on the southern coast, around the mouth of the Singapore River.
This area remains the Central Area of Singapore.
However, since the 1960s the government has constructed many new towns in other areas, so that today the island is nearly entirely built-up and urbanised, with only a few exceptions, such as the district of Lim Chu Kang or reclaimed land in the process of being developed.
Politically, Singapore is divided into five administrative districts, these are then further subdivided into town councils which usually consists of one or more political constituencies.
However, unlike other countries where local government subdivisions are used to cite locations, the same practice is often uncommon in Singapore.
Planning and census boundaries, called planning areas, have been used by the Urban Redevelopment Authority to define certain districts and neighbourhoods, although these boundaries may not necessarily correspond with the common perception of a certain place.
Tiong Bahru for example, is often identified separately from the HDB town it is a part of, Bukit Merah.
In order to reduce traffic congestion, Electronic Road Pricing (ERP) charging gantries have been isntalled on roads leading into the Central Area.
The other parts of Singapore are less dense and busy, and are often filled with housing estates such as from the Housing and Development Board (HDB) or condominiums, and commercial districts are less concentrated.
However, to reduce strain on the Central Area, several regional centres have been developed, each containing a concentrated commercial district.
Light industry tends to be distributed around the island as industrial estates and located in flats, similar to the HDB, and only allow tenants which produce close to nil pollution, whereas heavy industry tends to be located around Jurong and Jurong Island.
There are two connections to the state of Johor.
In the north there is a causeway for both rail and road traffic, which connects to the city of Johor Bahru.
In the west there is a road bridge (Tuas Second Link), which connects to Johor, for road traffic only.
The connections are an important economic link to Malaysia, which can be seen as a hinterland.
It was started in 1909 as a railway link by Johor State Railway to connect Johor Bahru to Singapore, then the administrative headquarters of British interests in Southeast Asia.
The Johor-Singapore Causeway has caused ecological problems, most notably accumulation of silt in the Johore Strait.
This has led to disagreements with Malaysia.
Singapore has rejected Malaysia's proposal to replace the causeway with a bridge, and Malaysia has since proposed the idea of what became known as "the crooked half-bridge", descending halfway to link up with the low-level causeway.
Since Singapore lacks natural freshwater rivers and lakes, the primary source of domestic water is rainfall.
Demand for fresh water is approximately twice that supplied by rainfall, so Singapore imports much of its fresh water from Malaysia and Indonesia.
To lessen its reliance on imports, Singapore has built reservoirs to collect rainwater from both forest catchment and urban catchment run-offs and from recycled water facilities.
In addition, Singapore has built three desalination plants on the western coast of Tuas with two more under construction.
They are expected to at least meet 30% of Singapore's water demands in 2060.
There are also many trees planted, and almost fifty per cent of the country is covered by greenery.
Because of this, Singapore is also commonly known as the 'Garden City'.
Singapore remains highly vulnerable to the impact of climate change; in particular, the rising sea levels may pose a major threat to the very survival of the country in the long-term perspective.
Transport within Singapore is mainly land-based.
Many parts of Singapore, including islands such as Sentosa and Jurong Island are accessible by road.
The other major form of transportation within Singapore is rail: the Mass Rapid Transit which runs the length and width of Singapore, and the Light Rail Transit which runs within a few neighbourhoods.
The main island of Singapore is connected to the other islands by ferryboat services.
There are two bridges which link Singapore to Malaysia - the Causeway, and the Second Link.
The Singapore Changi Airport is a major aviation hub in Asia.
Singapore is also notable for being one of the world's busiest transshipment ports.
McKinsey’s Urban Transportation report rank Singapore's transport system world's best overall based on five criteria - availability, affordability, efficiency, convenience, sustainability.
Singapore also has one of the most cost-efficient public transport networks in the world, according to a study by London consulting firm Credo.
With the emergence of driverless vehicles, Singapore is now among the favourite locations for autonomous vehicles development testing location for the big players in the automotive industry.
Bus transport forms a significant part of public transport in Singapore, with over 4.0 million rides taken per day on average as of 2019.
There are more than 365 scheduled bus services, operated by SBS Transit, SMRT Buses, Tower Transit Singapore and Go-Ahead Singapore.
Since 2016, the Land Transport Authority regulates the public bus service standards and owns relevant assets whereas bus operators bid for operating bus services via competitive tendering, under its Bus Contracting Model.
Taxis may be flagged down at any time of the day along any public road outside of the Central Business District (CBD), while private hire cars may be booked via ridesharing apps.
Commonwealth MRT station was named after the Comonwealth neighbourhood it serves, which was in turned named after the Commonwealth of Nations international organisation.
The planning, construction and maintenance of the road network is overseen by the Land Transport Authority (LTA), and this extends to expressways in Singapore.
These form key transport arteries between the distinct towns and regional centres as laid out in Singapore's urban planning, with the main purpose of allowing vehicles to travel from satellite towns to the city centre and vice versa in the shortest possible distance.
The Ayer Rajah Expressway (AYE) runs from Tuas Checkpoint in the west to the Central Area, where it continues directly onto the Marina Coastal Expressway (MCE) at Keppel Road.
The MCE hugs the southern coastline of Marina South before curving northwards at Marina East to intersect with the East Coast Parkway (ECP) and the Kallang-Paya Lebar Expressway (KPE) at Tanjong Rhu.
The KPE then continues underground in a northeast direction through the Kallang and Paya Lebar regions before emerging overground at Defu.
The KPE finally terminates near Sengkang, intersecting with both the Tampines Expressway (TPE) and Lorong Halus.
Choa Chu Kang is bisected by the Kranji Expressway (KJE), seperating the northern subzones of Limbang and Yew Tee from the southern subzones of Choa Chu Kang Central, Peng Siang, Keat Hong and Teck Whye.
The Seletar Expressway (SLE) begins at the intersection of Turf Club Road and the Bukit Timah Expressway (BKE).
The eastbound Lorong 6 Toa Payoh exit on the Pan Island Expressway actually begins adjacent to the Thomson Road exit, with vehicles travelling in a segregated lane from the remainder of the expressway.
The Central Expressway (CTE) dives underground at Chin Swee, emerging overground briefly at Cavenagh Road before entering a second tunnel at Cairnhill.
East Coast Park has traditionally suffered from poor public transport connections as the East Coast Parkway (ECP) limits the number of road and pedestrian connections to the north.
Poor connection to the MRT network even across the ECP in the Marine Parade, Tanjong Katong and Amber districts further limits public transport accessibility to East Coast Park.
The construction of the North-South Corridor (NSC) has resulted in road diversions around the Novena area.
In particular, Moulmein Road no longer directly connects to Newton Road at Thomson Road.
Singapore's transport policy developed shortly after independence during the history of Singapore because of frequent traffic congestion in the Central Area.
Singapore has two land links to Malaysia.
The Johor-Singapore Causeway, built in the 1920s to connect Johor Bahru in Johor, Malaysia to Woodlands in Singapore, carries a road and a railway line.
The Tuas Second Link, a bridge further west, was completed in 1996 and links Tuas in Singapore to Tanjung Kupang in Johor.
The Mass Rapid Transit, which opened in 1987, is a heavy rail metro system that serves as the major backbone of Singapore's public transport system along with public buses; as of August 2021, the network has a length of 216 km (134.22 mi) and 187 stations.
The Land Transport Authority's operations is currently spread over three main office campuses at Hampshire Road near Little India, Chai Chee on the former Institute of Technical Education East (Bedok) Campus and Sin Ming, with the agency expected to consolidate operations to Jurong East in 2027.
The current MRT network consists of six main lines: the North South Line, East West Line, Circle Line and partially-opened Thomson–East Coast Line operated by SMRT Trains (SMRT Corporation) and the North East Line and Downtown Line operated by SBS Transit.
and two more lines, the Jurong Region Line and the Cross Island Line, will open in stages from 2027 and 2030 respectively.
The first LRT line, which is operated by SMRT Light Rail, opened in Bukit Panjang in 1999 to provide a connection to Choa Chu Kang in neighbouring Choa Chu Kang New Town.
Although subsequently hit by over 50 incidents, some of which resulted in several days of system suspension, similar systems albeit from a different company were introduced in Sengkang and Punggol in 2003 and 2005 respectively, both operated by SBS Transit.
Keretapi Tanah Melayu (Malayan Railways) operates an international train service to Woodlands Train Checkpoint.
The service previously continued further south, terminating at Tanjong Pagar Railway Station in the city.
However, service was terminated and the railway land returned to Singapore in 2011. 
Since 1 July 2011, Woodlands Train Checkpoint serves as the southern terminus of the KTM rail network.
Previously, KTM trains terminated at Tanjong Pagar railway station in central Singapore.
One more rail link is being planned: the Johor Bahru-Singapore Rapid Transit System between Woodlands North and Bukit Chagar, Johor Bahru.
In total, there are three local airlines, all operating out of Changi Airport - Jetstar Asia Airways, Scoot and Singapore Airlines.
Firefly, a Malaysian operator based at Kuala Lumpur's Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport in Subang, operates out of Seletar Airport instead of Changi Airport.
The aviation industry is regulated by the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore, a statutory board of the Singapore government under the Ministry of Transport.
The Ministry of Transport main office is located at 460 Alexandra Road, near Pasir Panjang MRT Station.
An open skies agreement was concluded with the United Kingdom in October 2007 permitting unrestricted services from Singapore by UK carriers.
Singapore carriers were allowed to operate domestic UK services as well as services beyond London Heathrow to a number of destinations, including the United States along with Canada.
Singapore Changi Airport, with its four terminals, is one of the most important air hubs in the region.
The international airport is situated at the easternmost tip of the main island, and serves 185 cities in 58 countries.
With the recent opening of the fourth terminal, Changi is now capable of handling more than 70 million passengers every year.
Seletar Airport is Singapore's first civil aviation airport and is primarily used for private aviation.
The Singapore Cable Car is a three-station gondola lift system that plies between Mount Faber on the main island of Singapore and the resort island of Sentosa via HarbourFront.
In addition, a similar gondola lift system also operates within Sentosa as the Sentosa Line were opened in 2015.
This line links Siloso Point to Imbiah.
The Port of Singapore, run by port operator PSA International (formerly the Port of Singapore Authority), is the world's busiest in terms of shipping tonnage handled.
1.04 billion gross tons were handled in 2004, crossing the one billion mark for the first time in Singapore's maritime history.
Singapore also emerged as the top port in terms of cargo tonnage handled with 393 million tonnes of cargo in the same year, beating the Port of Rotterdam for the first time in the process.
In 2018, Singapore was ranked second globally in terms of containerised traffic, with 36.6 million Twenty-Foot Equivalent Units (TEUs) handled, and is also the world's busiest hub for transshipment traffic.
Additionally, Singapore is the world's largest bunkering hub, with 49.8 million tonnes sold in 2018.In 2007, the Port of Singapore was ranked the world's busiest port, surpassing Hong Kong and Shanghai.
The Port of Singapore's terminals are located at three primary locations - Tanjong Pagar and Brani near the Central Business District, Sembawang in the north and Pasir Panjang in the west.
Water transport within the main island is limited to the River Taxi along the Singapore River.
There are also daily scheduled ferry services from the Marina South Pier to the Southern Islands such as Kusu Island, Lazarus Island & Saint John's Island and Sisters' Islands.
Changi Point Ferry Terminal in the east offers daily ferry services to Pulau Ubin and some destinations in Johor, Malaysia.
The Singapore Cruise Centre is located at 1 Maritime Centre. Singapore Cruise Centre runs both the Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal and HarbourFront Regional Ferry Terminal which are connected by ferry services to Indonesian Riau Islands of Batam, Bintan and Karimun.
An additional cruise terminal, the Marina Bay Cruise Centre Singapore, began construction in 2009 and was completed in 2012 in order to accommodate bigger cruise ships that are not able to dock at the Singapore Cruise Centre.
The Pan Island Expressway (PIE) is the oldest and longest expressway in Singapore.
It is also Singapore's longest road.
The expressway runs from the East Coast Parkway near Changi Airport in the east to Tuas in the west and has a total length of 42.8 kilometres (26.6 mi).Initially conceived by the Public Works Department in the 1960s as part of road expansions for handling rising traffic volumes, work on the PIE commenced in 1964.
The first section, Jalan Toa Payoh, was completed by 1969.
The initial expressway, from Hong Kah Circle to the East Coast Parkway, was completed in June 1982.
The PIE was then extended further westward to Tuas between 1991 and 1993.
The Pan Island Expressway measures 42.8 kilometres (26.6 mi) and is the longest expressway in Singapore.
Beginning at a junction with the East Coast Parkway near Changi Airport, the expressway runs northwest to intersect the Tampines Expressway.
It then curves southwest, passing through Tampines, Bedok and Geylang before intersecting the Kallang-Paya Lebar Expressway and curving northwest, before heading west and running along the southern edge of Toa Payoh.
From Toa Payoh, the expressway runs along the northern edge of Bukit Timah, curving southwest to meet the Bukit Timah Expressway, before heading west once again at Clementi Avenue 6.
The PIE then travels along the northern edges of Clementi, Jurong East and Jurong West before ending at a junction with the Ayer Rajah Expressway at Tuas Road.
The PIE was initially conceived by the Public Works Department as part of plans to expand Singapore's road network in the 1960s to cope with a predicted large rise in traffic volume over the next two decades.
Intended to connect Singapore's satellite towns and industrial estates, it would act as the main connector between the parts of Singapore and would handle high traffic volumes.
Construction of the PIE started in 1964 and took place in four phases.
Jalan Toa Payoh, a 2-mile (3.2 km) long segment of the expressway between Thomson Road and Woodsville Circus, was completed in June 1969 and the segment between Woodsville Circus and Jalan Eunos, named Jalan Kolan Ayer and Paya Lebar Way, was completed by 1970.
Work on the 8-mile (13 km) long section between Jalan Anak Bukit and Thomson Road began in March 1970.
During the construction of this section of the expressway, rocks had to be excavated near Adam Road.
Also, Kampong Chantek Bahru, off of Bukit Timah Road, was cleared to make way for the expressway.
In January 1975, the section of the expressway between Jalan Eunos and Kallang Bahru was completed, and Jalan Kolam Bahru, between Kallang Bahru and Woodsville Circus, was improved to form a part of the expressway.
The section between Adam Road and Jalan Anak Bukit was opened in October 1976 and construction of the eastern part of the PIE, between Jalan Eunos and Changi Airport, started in 1976.Work was started in November 1977 to expand Whitley Road to six lanes, along with the construction of a grade-separated interchange to link it with the PIE.
The section of the expressway between Adam Road and Whitley Road was completed by 1978 and was opened to traffic in 1979.
Construction from Jalan Anak Bukit to Boon Lay Road was started in 1978.
To connect this section to the rest of the PIE, a $15.2 million viaduct over Jalan Anak Bukit and Upper Bukit Timah Road was built.
On 10 January 1981, the 10-kilometre (6.2 mi) segment of the PIE between Jalan Eunos and the East Coast Parkway was officially opened by Teh Cheang Wan, the then Minister of National Development, having cost $50 million to construct.
The section of the expressway between Upper Bukit Timah and Corporation Road was opened soon after on 31 January 1981 by Lee Yiok Seng, the Parliamentary Secretary of National Development at the time.
With the completion of two flyovers across Aljunied Road and Paya Lebar Road in June 1982-three months ahead of schedule-the PIE was fully opened.
Upon its opening, the Pan Island Expressway had a positive impact on traffic flow in certain areas by alleviating traffic, as was reported by a preliminary Public Works Department study in October 1981.
From 1983 to 1984, two lanes, one in each direction, were added to the 16.4-kilometre (10.2 mi) section of the expressway between Mount Pleasant Road and Jalan Boon Lay.
To alleviate this, portions of the PIE, such as the Woodsville interchange and the intersection with the Central Expressway, were upgraded in May 1991 at a cost of $180 million.
In addition, service roads were constructed along the expressway near Toa Payoh and at the Woodsville interchange.
Work began on an 8-kilometre (5.0 mi) extension of the expressway from Hong Kah Circle to Tuas in October 1991, with a northward realignment and extension of the expressway from Hong Kah Circle to Pioneer Road North.
Intended to serve as a connection to the Jurong industrial estate and Jurong West, the extension cost $81.3 million and was opened in December 1993.As
the amount of traffic using the KJE and PIE to the Jurong industrial estate increased, the Land Transport Authority upgraded the stretch of the PIE between Tengah Flyover and Tuas Road to a four-lane dual carriageway from the previous three lanes.
Beginning in July 2011, the stretch of the PIE between Clementi Avenue 6 and Adam Road was widened; one lane was added to both sides of the expressway.
As well, the Eng Neo, Chantek and Anak Bukit Flyovers were structurally expanded.
Urban planning in Singapore is the direction of infrastructure development in Singapore.
Planning in Singapore first began with the Jackson Plan in 1822, which divided Singapore town into multiple ethnic areas and established Singapore as a commercial and administrative centre.
For a century, the colonial authorities in Singapore were not very involved in its development until they began engaging in urban regulation in the 1890s, in response to congestion and squatter settlements.
Detailed urban planning for Singapore eventually started in the 1950s, with the goal to give Singapore a wider economic role in the Federation of Malaya.
This plan laid out the basic infrastructure for Singapore's development and brought about the integrated planning process used ever since.
The 1991 Concept Plan envisaged four regional centres at Jurong East, Woodlands, Tampines and Seletar in an effort to decentralise commercial activity away from the Central Area
In the 2001 and 2011 concept plan, Singapore's urban planners began to incorporate public feedback and opinions into the planning process, shifting towards liveability and sustainability, while prioritising economic development as the powerhouse of each plan's success.
The most recent plan is the 2019 masterplan, which details Singapore's increasing consideration towards sustainability, cultural preservation, building communities and closing resource loops.
When Stamford Raffles, who founded Singapore in 1819, returned to the colony, he was dissatisfied with the haphazard development he encountered.
At this time, Singapore was considered the trading factory and warehouse of the British East India Company.
As a result, commercial houses and wharves grew disorderly along the banks of the Singapore River, a location known for its accessibility to trading boats.
A town committee was formed as a result, to ensure that Singapore developed and grew in an orderly manner, as part of Raffles' vision of Singapore as a commercial and administrative centre.
An area south of the Singapore River, today known as Raffles Place, was set aside as a commercial and administrative centre, while a segragated district for Europeans centred on the present-day Padang and Civic District was to be built on the river's east bank.
Bukit Larangan, today Fort Canning Hill, was to be used for defence purposes.
To make Singapore a commercial and administrative centre, haphazardly constructed buildings were discouraged and significant disruptions were caused by the massive movements of people to and from their designated areas.
The Jackson Plan formed the foundations of Singapore's Central Business District and morphologically, the grid street pattern provided the form for the central area.
For the next century, until 1958, there was little involvement by the colonial authorities in the planning of Singapore, and while the authorities occasionally modified Raffles' plan, they did not make any official plans on a comprehensive scale.
Nevertheless, these efforts were far from able to control urban development, and by the 20th century, Singapore faced congestion and squatter problems.
The Singapore Improvement Trust began work on a new public housing estate in Kampong Tiong Bahru in the 1930s, but made little headway up to its dissolution in 1960.
The British Military Administration focused on alleviating the housing shortage in Singapore, redeveloping the Central Area and to improve living conditions in the congested city centre.
At this time, Singapore faced an urgent need for environmental management and to control land use.
This was further motivated by the vision that Singapore will play a wider economic role in the Federation of Malaya.
A comprehensive plan for Singapore's development was drafted, but was not implemented after the return of civilian rule.
The plan was conceived with the expectation that Singapore would grow gradually and was unsuited for the social and economic change, rapid population growth and the Central Area's expansion in the early 1960s.
Despite its short timeline, the 1958 Master Plan laid the groundwork for detailed urban planning in Singapore and came to be regarded as essential for the development of the country.
Singapore gained self governance in 1958 and was part of the Federation of Malaya for two years.
The uneasy political arrangement and disputes over Singapore's status within the federation played a big influence on the planning process and the formulation of the 1965 Master Plan.
Beyond basic standard of living and amenity, the 1965 Plan re-oriented Singapore from a mere commercial outlet to a centre of manufacturing export for Malaysia's industries and a centre for industrial expansion.
However, with Singapore's direction of development unclear, the 1965 Plan was held back.
Singapore officially separated from Malaysia on 9 August 1965 and attained independence.
As a new nation, the government had a new set of goals and priorities: national survival, achievement, and making Singapore a global city.
Survival was important to Singapore due to the communist confrontations experienced by the new administration in the early 1960s.
Additionally, the rapid advance in information technology at the time made it essential for Singapore to become a global city.
The Central Area, about 2 kilometres north and south of the Singapore River, was marked to be redeveloped.
Through the cooperation of multiple agencies such as the Housing and Development Board (HDB), Planning Department, and the Public Works Department, the project released a draft plan in 1969, which, with several amendments, was approved in 1971 as the Concept Plan.
Key infrastructure developments included the new international Changi Airport, a Mass Rapid Transit system, and a new expressway system.
Key developments in the city core include Shenton Way and Orchard Road.
Other areas outside of the city core like Tampines New Town were transformed from rural wastelands to modern residential living areas, whereas Jurong Industrial Estate was developed into a thriving industrial and residential area.
Industrial estates were also located at Sembawang, Yishun and Tanjong Rhu, forming one of the main engines for Singapore's growth.
Singapore's highly efficient transportation system, the Mass Rapid Transit (MRT), is also a product of the 1971 Concept Plan, speaking to its success in moulding Singapore today.
Key agencies tasked to execute the plan were the State City Planning Department (SCPD), Housing Development Board (HDB), Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA), Jurong Town Corporation (JTC) and the Public Works Department (PWD).
The 1971 Concept Plan marked a change in the nature of Singapore's urban planning from one based on the possible directions Singapore's development could take to one based on the path its development should take, and the introduction of an integrated planning process brought about by inter-agency cooperation.
Moreover, it laid out the basic infrastructure from which Singapore developed further.
While Singapore's development focused mainly on economic success during the initial post-independence years, as Singaporeans became more affluent in the 1980s, planners started taking into account quality of life factors.
Under this plan, several districts in the city centre were identified for conservation, open spaces and parks were clearly marked out, and other districts, such as the Golden Shoe and Orchard Road districts, were designated as areas for high-density development.
Economic growth will be sustained through providing land to meet the needs of all industries, developing business parks, constructing four regional centres (Tampines, Seletar, Woodlands, Jurong East) and transforming the Marina Bay area into an international business hub.
The revised Concept Plan also prioritised the need for Singapore to move away from manufacturing-oriented industries to professional and higher technology industries.
To complement these business parks, the Marina Bay area will also become a downtown core area, with new hotels, shopping facilities, entertainment, convention centres and a new waterfront promenade.
However, Singapore did not give up on their industrial planning entirely.
In order to ensure that they stay competitive in the global market, Singapore shifted towards the development of industrial clusters in the 1990s.
While Singapore pivots towards becoming an Asian economic powerhouse, the revised plan did not forget the importance of creating a beautiful city in facilitating this change.
Historic areas in the city were also strategically conserved to be developed into a 'Civic District' in order to attract tourists and maintain Asian roots in the city.
To aid the implementation of the Concept Plan's aims, Singapore was divided into 55 planning areas.
This included plans to build housing in mature estates, in the new downtown at Marina South and at the western area of the island.
Green spaces would be expanded from 2000 to 4500 ha, with the opening of areas such as Pulau Ubin and the Central Catchment Reserve, which will be  accessible by Park Connectors.
Three regional centres were also added to the mix, with Tampines, Jurong East and Woodlands supported by an expansive train network which provides links to places island-wide.
In response to recommendations by focus groups during the 2001 Concept Plan review to form a conservation trust to foster more public engagement, a Conservation Advisory Panel was formed in 2002.
This was part of a larger effort to enrich Singapore's heritage, culture and diversity and to enhance Singapore's natural environment.
Based on the feedback from this focus group, which emphasized strengthening green infrastructure, empowering green practices, and making Singapore an endearing home, the Concept Plan was formed.
Green infrastructure would consist of green buildings which conserve energy and have better life cycles, green mobility such as cycling, walking infrastructure and green habits, which consist of making recycling and reducing waste part of Singaporean's daily consciousness.
Efforts to make Singapore an endearing home include preserving heritage buildings, introducing more live-in population to heritage districts, adding sculptures and public art to parks and housing estates and fostering partnership between community members such as business-owners and residents.
In addition, building conservation saw the greater involvement of the public and the National Heritage Board, through the establishment of a Heritage Advisory Panel and the Our Heritage SG Plan for the heritage sector, while the Conservation Advisory Panel was replaced by a Heritage and Advisory Partnership in 2018.
This partnership, besides providing feedback for conservation proposals, was intended to generate new proposals regarding building heritage in Singapore.
Singapore's planning framework comprises three tiers, a long-term plan, the Master Plan, and detailed plans.
The long-term plan, formerly called the Concept Plan, plots out Singapore's developmental direction over at least five decades.
The Master Plan, intended for the medium term, comprises land use plans across Singapore, and is revised every five years, while the detailed plans, issued by agencies supervising certain aspects of urban development, plot out short-term development.
Under Singapore's current planning policy, development outside the central area comprises independent new towns, with residential, commercial and industrial areas, linked by expressways and a rail network.
These new towns are in turn served by four regional centres, one in each region of Singapore, which carry out some of the functions of the central area.
Transport planning in Singapore consists of the Land Transport Master Plan, which is revised every five years, and development plans for the rail and bus system.
Built upon a spoke-hub distribution paradigm, Singapore's transport planning has several key aims, namely increased connectivity, improved public transport provision, and increasing the proportion of commuters using public transport.
The current Master Plan, released in 2019, focuses on the themes of liveable and inclusive communities, sustainability, sustainable mobility, conservation of historic areas and Singapore as an international gateway.
Continuing their shift towards sustainable mobility in the 2001 Concept plan, mobility will be encouraged with better connectivity across Singapore by enhancing cycling and pedestrian networks, promoting public transport use, making business nodes closer to homes and more easily accessible, and increasing the efficacy of goods delivery.
This includes four additional new rail lines, the Cross Island Line, Jurong Regional Line and Thomson East-Coast Line, which will be complemented by Integrated Transport Hubs which place rail and bus services in close proximity to MRT stations.
The Northern area has been primed for growth industries and innovative sectors, with key developments such as Agri-Food Innovation Park at Sungei Kadut and the Punggol Digital District complementing the current Woodlands Regional Centre.
The central area, home to Singapore's financial hub, will continue to grow, accommodating more nearby housing and a larger diversity of jobs in the future.
The Eastern Gateway, bolstered by the recent opening of Jewel Changi Airport and the expansion of Changi Air Hub, will continue to be a gateway for Singapore to the rest of the world.
An additional Changi East Urban District will join the current lifestyle-business clusters in the area, bringing more jobs to the east.
The Jurong Lake District is planned to be the largest node outside the Central Business District.
The National University of Singapore is partially served by Kent Ridge MRT Station, located at its eastern end. Several colleges, such as the College of Design and Engineering and the Faculty of Arts and Social Science, located at the western end of the Kent Ridge campus are better served by buses plying Clementi Road. The College of Design and Engineering offers courses in architecture and engineering, while the Faculty of Arts and Social Science, now merged into the College of Humanities and Sciences, previously offered a variety of courses in the humanities.
The upcoming Jurong Region Line will improve public transit access to Nanyang Technological University. The Nayang Technological University has an full-time undergraduate population of just over 24,000 as of 2021.
The 2019 Masterplan also reflected Singapore's worries about climate change and recent commitment to cut greenhouse gas emissions to half by 2050, with a strong emphasis on protecting Singapore against climate conditions and creating sustainable communities.
Other efforts to close resource loops and reduce energy use include strengthening current national water supply, exploring the use solar panels at Tengah Reservoir, building super-low energy buildings such as ALICE@Mediapolis and aiming for zero waste, with a recycling rate of up to 70%.
The Masterplan also explores the use of underground space and co-location for pedestrian linkages, car parking and the expansion of the public transport network, in order to preserve space in land-scarce Singapore.
Singapore sees a distinct shift towards sustainability and addressing climate-change related fears in its recent planning policies.
Beyond being an economic powerhouse, Singapore's planning priorities have expanded to sustainability, culture and resource preservation, bolstered by the use of advanced technology to create smarter cities.
Singapore has been referred to by many as the "best-planned city" in the world, with planners lauding the rapid development from British colony to global city, world-class public infrastructure, efficient public transportation and wide-scale affordable housing.
Over 90% of Singaporeans or Permanent Residents own their own home and at the 2010 Venice Architecture Biennale, it was calculated that with Singapore's land-use efficiency, the world's population could fit into 0.5% of the Earth's landmass.
Common traits cited for Singapore's successful urban planning include clean streets, automobile restrictions, ubiquitous greenery and distinct lack of urban sprawl.
However, Singapore's highly curated, meticulously planned city is also not without its critics.
Some have criticised Singapore's lack of spontaneous organic city growth and that the emphasis on a highly controlled urban plan has resulted in a sterile city.
Others have also criticised the façade of high public-housing ownership, when in reality, due to the Land Acquisition Act which allows the Government to own most of Singapore's underlying land, 80% of HDB residents only have 99-year leases on their flats, which depreciates in value as the 99-year term approaches.
Much of the criticism stems from dissatisfaction against what critics regard as Singapore's semi-authoritarian political system and the impingement on personal freedoms as a result of planning policies.
Sustainability advocates have also been urging for even more sustainable planning policies, arguing that Singapore's commitment to slash carbon emissions by half by 2050 does not fulfil the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) requirements.
Believing that Singapore should slash carbon emissions to zero by 2050, advocates argue against the unsustainable use of Pulau Semakau Island for waste incineration and disposal, citing that landfill space will run out by 2035, the use of petroleum and natural gas as a source of energy and the petrochemical industries located on Jurong Island.
Many also criticise Singapore's heavy focus in flood and climate change protection in the masterplan, declaring that more attention should be given to Singapore's unsustainable economic and energy sources.
In February 2021, a woodland reserve the size of 10 football fields just Northwest of Kranji was accidentally cleared for construction purposes, drawing intense criticism from Singapore's conservation groups.
They argued that the forest was a important ecosystem, green corridor and one of the few remaining forests in Singapore, using this incident to highlight their view that planning in Singapore should do more to protect and preserve existing forests and wildlife.
The Institute of Policy Studies falls under the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy at the National University of Singapore. It is located at the university's Bukit Timah campus.
This article shows the notable future developments in Singapore.
Scheduled to be completed by 2023, the 99-year leasehold white site at the junction of Central Boulevard and Raffles Quay named Central Boulevard Towers offers premium Grade A office space.
The project will be directly connected underground to the adjacent Downtown MRT station on the Downtown line, with link bridges to the East West line and North South line at Raffles Place station and the upcoming Shenton Way station on the Thomson-East Coast line.
GuocoLand is developing two plots in Beach Road, near Bugis MRT Station, called Guoco Midtown and Guoco Midtown II.
Located in the Beach Road area, The S$2.4 billion Guoco Midtown will contain a 30-storey office block with flexible spaces, a 33-storey 219-unit residential block named Midtown Bay, and public spaces.
It will also be integrated with the conserved Beach Road Police Station, to be fitted with shops.
In addition, with the successful purchase of the site at Tan Quee Lan Street which is located directly above Bugis MRT station and across the Guoco Midtown site, two 30-storey residential towers with more than 500 residential units as well as a public retail podium will be built by GuocoLand.
The development will be integrated with the adjacent larger Guoco Midtown and bring about greater connectivity in the area.
This land acquisition will result in the combined site area to be 50% more than the existing Guoco Midtown, and is set to become one of the largest developments in the Central Business District (CBD).
The project is named Guoco Midtown II, with the residential component named Midtown Modern.
Both developments will be connected underground with the entire development having an extensive pedestrian network to Bugis MRT station as well as the City Hall, Bugis, and Marina Centre districts.
Perennial Business City (Former Big Box)Announced on 4 December 2020, the existing Big Box shopping mall situated in Jurong East has been acquired by Perennial Real Estate for redevelopment.
The zoning of the site has been changed to a business park where the former commercial warehouse space, Big Box, will be redeveloped into Perennial Business City.
These plans were elaborated as a Greater Southern Waterfront in 2019, a 2,000ha area with 30 km of coastline from Marina Bay to Pasir Panjang.
They include the redevelopment of Keppel Club with 9,000 HDB and private homes.
Links to other nature areas will also be created to places like West Coast Park and East Coast Park, Rail Corridor and Sentosa.
In addition, new attractions like the redevelopment of Pasir Panjang power plants, a proposed "Downtown South" resort by NTUC on Pulau Brani to thank workers, revitalisation of Sentosa's beaches, nature and heritage areas on the island too.
Housing two decommissioned power plants, oil and gas tanks, and ancillary buildings, the 15-hectare Pasir Panjang Power District, located next to the Labrador Nature Reserve, will be redeveloped as part of the Greater Southern Waterfront transformation plans.
A new draft masterplan for Jurong Lake District was unveiled on 25 August 2017, with new developments in the Lakeside district.
It will include a commercial centre around the High Speed Rail station in Jurong East, as well as a third island crested through a new canal.
A new mixed-use development in Bidadari comprising The Woodleigh Residences and The Woodleigh Mall is under construction.
The development will also include a 6,000 square-metre Community Club and a 2,000 square-metre Neighbourhood Police Centre.
It will also be connected underground to Woodleigh MRT station and Singapore's second air-conditioned underground bus interchange located at adjacent Woodleigh Village.
Sengkang Grand Residences and Sengkang Grand Mall is located adjacent to Buangkok MRT Station.
The new Pasir Ris Integrated Transport Hub will housing Pasir Ris 8 condominium, Pasir Ris Mall, a new Pasir Ris Bus Interchange and a relocated Pasir Ris Polyclinic.
The mall is directly linked to current East West Line and the future Cross Line Island Line, making it an interchange along 2 major MRT lines.
Part of the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA) plans to revitalise Holland Village, mixed-use development One Holland Village by Far East Organisation is set to be the main focal point in the rejuvenation.
The residential component, named One Holland Village Residences, offers a total of 296 residential units split into three blocks.
The lower half of the first block will house Quincy House, made up of 255 serviced apartments, while the upper half will have 27 luxury private units under Quincy Private Residences.
The second and tallest block, a 34-storey residential tower, will house 248 units under Sereen.
The final block, named Leven, is a three-storey building with architecture inspired by walk-up apartments found in nearby Tiong Bahru and Chip Bee Gardens.
Leven will be made up of 21 units with spiral staircases and roof terraces.
Tenants in the 13,500 square-metre retail component of One Holland Village include Cold Storage, Guardian, Bedrock Bar & Grill, The Rice Company, and The Projector.
A 2,000 square-metre community space within One Holland Village will also be set aside for an Arts Centre developed by The Rice Company.
The residential component of One Holland Village is estimated to be completed by the end of 2024, while the commercial zone is estimated to be completed in mid-2022.
Announced on 22 September 2019, the upcoming Heart of Yew Tee will house 68 two-room Flexi flats for seniors, a community club, a polyclinic, a kidney dialysis centre, and a hawker centre.
The integrated development, consisting of a 10-storey residential block and a 6-storey commercial block, modeled after the award-winning Kampung Admiralty, will replace the existing hardcourt at Yew Tee Close next to Yew Tee MRT station.
It will be the second such 'vertical' kampung, after Kampung Admiralty opened in 2018.
Harmony Village @ Bukit Batok is the maiden launch of the new Community Care Apartments which is a new type of public housing, with senior-friendly design features and subscription to care services, designed to support seniors aged 65 years and above to age independently within the community.
Situated at Bukit Batok, the 169-unit development will be integrated with a hawker centre, activity centre, and a community garden.
Construction for Harmony Village @ Bukit Batok is expected to be completed in 2024.
Chill @ Chong Pang is an upcoming 0.9-hectare community integrated development in Yishun, to be constructed on a site currently occupied by Chong Pang Community Club and Block 102 Yishun Avenue 5.
The adjacent Chong Pang Market and Food Centre will be relocated to the new development when completed.
Construction for Chill @ Chong Pang is expected to begin in 2022 and completed in 2027.
A new mixed-use, integrated development named CanningHill Piers will be built on the current Liang Court complex with a 696-unit condominium spread across two residential towers, a 2-storey retail mall named CanningHill Square, a 460- to 475-room Moxy hotel by Marriott replacing Novotel, and a 192-unit Somerset serviced residence.
Developed by CapitaLand, Ascott REIT and City Developments Limited, the redeveloped complex will open in phases from 2024.The development will be directly linked underground to the Fort Canning MRT station.
Announced on 30 January 2019, the 2.4 km Orchard Road will be revamped and rejuvenated with unique experiences and offerings across four sub-precincts namely Tanglin, Orchard, Somerset, and Dhoby Ghaut.
Tanglin will primarily be an arts and artisanal mixed-use neighbourhood.
For example, the conserved Tudor Court is planned to house more arts, cultural, and lifestyle offerings, while the covered canal is proposed to be turned into a courtyard for public art and outdoor dining.
The neighbourhood will be mainly served by the upcoming Orchard Boulevard MRT station.
In Orchard, more mixed-use developments will be constructed on empty plots of land along Orchard Boulevard above Orchard MRT station.
To enhance pedestrian connectivity, side streets will be redeveloped while elevated link bridges are planned to be built at the junctions of Orchard Road and Patterson Road.
Somerset will continue to be an energetic youth hub with new lifestyle options and the upcoming transformation of the 4,482 square-metre Grange Road carpark into a dedicated public events space for pop-up events and entertainment such as flea markets and food trucks.
Dhoby Ghaut will primarily be a lush greenery zone with attractions that are targeted at families.
Parts of the road are planned to be converted to pedestrian use to connect existing green spaces at Istana Park and Dhoby Ghaut Green, while the current open space at Plaza Singapura will be transformed into a large garden with playgrounds and sheltered spaces for events.
The 1.3-hectare Istana Park is proposed to be expanded and redesigned, featuring an orchid-themed garden and a rustic nature play garden with water play areas.
This proposal would result in a realignment of Orchard Road from The Istana to SMA House.
The Istana Park would also be better integrated with the Istana's entrance and commercial developments in its surrounding with roads that include use by pedestrians.
Announced on 16 January 2020, CapitaLand has won a three-year tender for the integrated management of Bugis Village and adjacent Bugis Street.
To enhance connectivity, a new link bridge connecting Bugis Street to Bugis+ to provide sheltered access from Bugis MRT station is currently being explored.
To be named Bugis Box, it will be a modern interpretation of street markets with trendy bites, quirky gifts, and trending fashion accessories.
As one of the older buildings in the Beach Road / Ophir-Rochor area, the 42-year-old Shaw Tower will be redeveloped into a 35-storey Grade A office and retail tower as part of the rejuvenation of the area.
The new Shaw Tower will have 400,000 square feet of office space and 30,000 square feet of retail space.
When completed, the development will be linked-up with adjacent Guoco Midtown and surrounding developments.
The redevelopment is planned to have its construction synchronised with Guoco Midtown's to minimise disruption in the area and ensure that both buildings will be ready at the same time.
The new Shaw Tower is scheduled to be completed by 2023.
Announced on 25 June 2019, a second Raffles Hotel named Raffles Sentosa Resort & Spa Singapore will be built on Sentosa at the site adjacent to the existing Sofitel Singapore Sentosa Resort & Spa.
The one million square-foot exclusive luxury resort will be an all-villa resort, featuring 61 villas, each with its own private courtyard and pool.
Hotel facilities include a bar, multiple restaurants, a fitness centre, a celebrations room, and two meeting rooms.
Set to open in 2022, the resort will be Singapore's first villa-only hotel.
Released for sale on 5 December 2019, the 1.02 hectare hotel site located directly above Fort Canning MRT station can potentially yield a maximum of 530 hotel rooms.
The site is envisioned to be developed into a distinctive waterfront landmark and offer seamless connections between the two attractions of Fort Canning Park and Singapore River.
On 1 July 2021, plans to redevelop Bedok Point were announced.
On 23 February 2022, Singtel announced an over S$2 billion plan to redevelop Comcentre from 2024 into a 110,000 sq m building equipped with the latest digital technologies and sustainable features, as well as being well integrated into the surroundings with an underground connection to Somerset MRT station.
The new Comcentre will be developed in a joint venture with another developer that will be selected in May, although two were shortlisted earlier.
The new Comcentre will also be equipped with hybrid working spaces for other tenants.
First announced in the 2016 Singapore Budget, the Jurong Innovation District (JID) aims to provide a conducive environment for startups, and encourage innovation.
To be developed by JTC, it will be located near NTU, Tengah and CleanTech Park, and the first phase will be completed by 2022.
Hyundai Motor announced on 31 March 2020 that it will be building a 28,000 square-metre open innovation lab in the Jurong Innovation District, next to Corporation MRT station, named Hyundai Mobility Global Innovation Centre, to develop future mobility technologies for expansion into other markets.
First announced in the 2015 National Day Rally and 2017 Singapore Budget, the 50-hectare Punggol Digital District (PDD) will be Singapore's first enterprise district, with JTC being the master developer.
Located in Punggol North, it will house a business park comprising digital and cybersecurity industries, as well as the Singapore Institute of Technology (SIT) new permanent campus in Punggol.
Having the SIT campus integrated with the JTC business park will support an ecosystem for digital and technology organisations in the district, such as doing trials on new concepts before scaling them up on a national level.
Campus Boulevard will be an 800-metre street for pedestrians lined with retail shops and F&B outlets.
In addition, a 1.3 km heritage trail, converted from the existing Punggol Road will extend from Punggol Waterway Park to Punggol Point Park.
A market village by the waterfront will also offer new retail and dining options located at the eastern end of Campus Boulevard.
Other than the existing Punggol LRT West Loop, the district will also be served by the upcoming Punggol Coast MRT station and a future bus interchange
The Singapore Institute of Technology will be consolidated to a centralised campus in the Punggol Digital District in 2023. The Singapore Institute of Technology will be served by Punggol Coast MRT Station when it opens in 2024.
Announced on 6 February 2020, the existing Sungei Kadut Industrial Estate will be developed and transformed in phases, forming the overall 500-hectare Sungei Kadut Eco-District (SKED).
The district will be split into four primary precincts namely Sungei Kadut North, Sungei Kadut Central, Sungei Kadut South, and the Agri-Food Innovation Park.
Co-working and co-living spaces, together with leisure amenities will also be built to attract the general public to visit SKED during after-work hours and the weekends.
The district will be served by new roads and the future Sungei Kadut MRT station.
As part of the first phase, the 18-hectare Sungei Kadut Agri-Food Innovation Park will house high-tech farming and R&D activities, such as indoor farming and aquaculture hatcheries.
In total, more than 40 hectares of new facilities and infrastructure is scheduled to be completed by 2025 as part of SKED's first phase.
As part of the Draft Master Plan 2019 by the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA), the future Dover Knowledge District will be a mixed-use site meant to be an extension to the existing one-north district.
Announced on 2 October 2020 by the Singapore Food Agency (SFA), Lim Chu Kang will be redeveloped into a 390-hectare high-tech agri-food cluster.
A designated area in Changi East adjacent to Singapore Changi Airport, Changi City is planned to be a lifestyle business cluster made up of the existing Singapore University of Technology and Design (SUTD) and Changi Business Park, as well as the future Changi East Urban District.
It will be a major waterfront district with recreational and tourism facilities/amenities while offering seamless "fly-ferry" connections between Changi Airport Terminal 5 and Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal due to their close proximity to one another.
The future Changi East Urban District, situated between the upcoming Changi Airport Terminal 5 and the existing Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal, will house offices, smart work centres, conference rooms and halls, hotels, and serviced apartments in landscaped public spaces.
As part of Phase 6 of the buildout of Biopolis, Elementum building is set to be completed by mid-2022.
Set to be the first large-scale underground electrical substation in Southeast Asia when completed, the 230,000-volt Labrador Underground Substation will be able to power up to eight towns nearby such as Pasir Panjang and Clementi.
A 34-storey commercial development will also be built above the Labrador Underground Substation.
Currently under construction at a site next to the Tuas Water Reclamation Plant in Tuas View Basin, Tuas Nexus is an integrated waste management facility.
It will be the first in Singapore to treat both used water and food waste in the same plant to produce biogas for electricity generation.
Tuas Nexus will also help to expand the lifespan of Semakau Landfill as it allows incineration bottom ash to be extracted from waste.
To be located in Tampines Wafer Fab Park, the semiconSpace is a new semiconductor facility that will be built in three phases.
JTC will be refurbishing its four existing wafer fabrication parks in Pasir Ris, Tampines, Woodlands, and North Coast.
Identified by the Government for redevelopment in 2012, Defu Industrial Estate will be transformed over the next 15 to 20 years along the vision of "A Green and Sustainable Industrial Park of Tomorrow".
The redeveloped industrial park will be renamed Defu Industrial Park.
Defu Industrial Park will be split into three key zones.
The Northern and Central Zone will house strategic industries such as logistics, precision engineering, info-communications and media, electronics, clean energy and biomedical, while the Southern Zone will be set aside for new modern industrial complexes to house the existing industrial enterprises.
Bedok Food City will house the factories that are in the food industry, while Defu Industrial City will house factories in the general industries.
Tengah New Town is a 700ha residential development that will integrate nature in it.
It will feature five development zones, each with its own unique identity, with a car-free town centre; the first in Singapore.
Plantation, the first district out of five, was unveiled on 4 September 2018.
Punggol 21 is a development initiative that plans to develop the mostly undeveloped town of Punggol into a residential new town.
Currently, the southern parts of Punggol are developed, mostly with HDB flats.
A man-made canal called Punggol Waterway was built, connecting the Serangoon Reservoir and Punggol Reservoir.
There will be recreation clubs, community centres, sports clubs, polyclinics and many others, attracting many people to live and visit Punggol.
There are plans to develop Punggol Point, which currently only has a beach.
The northwest of Punggol will be developed and the West Loop of the Punggol LRT Line will be in operation, serving the area.
Announced during the 2017 Budget, Kampong Bugis is a new waterfront development zone in Singapore, which will be given to a master developer, giving flexibility in planning the town layouts as opposed to carving each land plot by itself.
The area will comprise approximately 4,000 private residential units, primarily served by Lavender MRT station, Kallang MRT station, and Bendemeer MRT station.
Kallang Riverside Park will also be redeveloped into a waterfront park as part of the plan.
First announced on 16 October 2017, the new 60-hectare Bayshore district, located adjacent to East Coast Park, will comprise more than 10,000 Housing and Development Board (HDB) and private residential units.
A 1 km public transit street, anchored by Bayshore station and Bedok South station, will run through the district, lined with green spaces, shops, and amenities.
The district will also feature an integrated transport hub at Bedok South MRT station.
The district will be launched for development after 2024, when Bayshore MRT station and Bedok South MRT station are operational.
Announced on 16 October 2017, Holland Plain is an upcoming 34-hectare precinct which will comprise approximately 2,500 private residential units.
The precinct is located near King Albert Park MRT station and the Rail Corridor.
More than 30 per cent of the area, located adjacent to Clementi Forest, will feature lush greenery including a wetland park and community plain
First announced as part of the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA) Master Plan 2014, the future 21.5-hectare Marina South precinct will house over 9,000 private residential units built next to Gardens by the Bay.
First announced as part of the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA) Master Plan 2014, the 30-hectare Tagore-Lentore Forest bordering Teacher's Estate will be cleared for the development of private homes.
Located near Lentor MRT station, the new neighbourhood is planned around the existing hillock, which will be developed into the new Lentor Hillock Park.
Two green plots of the existing forests will be kept, along with new parks such as a Linear Park and the main Hillock Park.
A mixed-use development with retail amenities will also be built above Lentor MRT station to serve residents in the area.
As part of the Greater Southern Waterfront plan, the 44-hectare Keppel Club site will be redeveloped into a prime waterfront residential district.
First announced on 29 August 2013, Bidadari is a new 93-hectare residential estate near Serangoon.
It consists of four housing zones namely Alkaff District, Woodleigh District, Park Edge District, and Bartley Heights District.
When fully developed, Biddadari will house 11,000 housing units of which 1,000 units will be private flats.
The estate will feature a 10-hectare Bidadari Park housing a new Alkaff Lake, a 700-metre heritage walk, experiential trials, a Memorial Garden and a children play area named Adventure Playwoods.
There will also be a tree-lined "greenway" along Bidadari Park Drive and through the entire estate, named Bidadari Greenway, for pedestrians and cyclists.
The estate will also house a mixed-use development named The Woodleigh Residences and The Woodleigh Mall.
Aside from a new bus interchange, the estate will also be served by existing Woodleigh MRT station, Potong Pasir MRT station, and Bartley MRT station.
The estate was launched in 2015 with its first Build-to-Order (BTO) housing projects: Alkaff LakeView, Alkaff CourtView, and Alkaff Vista.
First announced on 29 August 2013, Tampines North is a new 240-hectare residential estate in the existing Tampines town.
It consists of four housing zones namely Park West District, Green Walk District, Park East District, and Boulevard District.
Boulevard Park will run through the entire estate, connecting residents from Sun Plaza Park to Sungei Api Api, while Quary Park will feature a sand quarry pond, inspired by the town's history.
A landmark bridge will be built to link Quarry Park to Sun Plaza Park and Boulevard Park, seamlessly integrating the new estate into the existing town.
The estate will be served by the future, Tampines North Integrated Transport Hub, a mixed-use development integrated with a new bus interchange.
Aside from the new bus interchange, the estate will also be served by the future Tampines North MRT station.
The estate was launched in 2014 with its first Build-to-Order (BTO) housing project named Tampines GreenRidges.
In 2013, the Singaporean government announced a new development plan "Singapore 2030" for Singapore, designed to accommodate the growing population.
Singapore will increase its land area to 766 km2 (296 sq mi) square kilometers through land reclamation from the sea.
Most of the reclamation will be done at Tekong and Tuas islands, with additional reclamation points beyond 2030 including Marina East, Changi East, and Pasir Ris.
Singapore 2030 is part of the Land Use Plan to develop the mostly parts such as Tampines North, Tengah and Bidadari.
There are ongoing projects such as 100,000 HDB flats to be built until 2030, followed by Bukit Brown, and somehow post-2030 plans will consist of Paya Lebar Airbase and Southern Waterfront City.
About 60% of Singapore's land will be set aside for housing, industry, and community facilities, up from 52%.
One Pearl Bank is a new condominium being built on the site of the Pearl Bank Apartments by property developer CapitaLand, following the latter's en-bloc sale in 2018.
When completed in 2023, the condominium will be the tallest in Outram Park.
Avenue South Residence is a 1074-unit condominium currently being built at Silat Avenue, along the historic KTM Rail Corridor.
Developed by UOL Group Limited, the project at Kampong Bahru consists of two 56-storey residential tower blocks, five conserved four-storey Singapore Improvement Trust (SIT) blocks, commercial units, and a childcare centre.
Developed by Frasers Property Singapore, Riviere is a pair of 36-storey luxury residential towers, housing 455 units by the Singapore River.
The development also consists of three conserved 100-year-old godowns/warehouses, that is the former site of Zouk nightclub, and a newly built four-storey block with 80 serviced apartments.
The site was the last available Government Land Sales (GLS) site along the prime stretch of the Singapore River.
At 36 storeys, Riviere is set to become the new landmark in the Robertson Quay area, as most of the surrounding residential developments are capped at 10 storeys.
Developed by Mapletree and Keppel Land, The Reef at King's Dock is a 429-unit condominium currently being built at Keppel Bay in Harbourfront.
The 180-metre floating deck will house several swimming pools of different sizes and a private marine viewing area for residents and their visitors to view and appreciate the marine ecology in the historic King's Dock, which was once the world's second largest dock when it opened in 1913.
The sixth Mass Rapid Transit and the fourth fully automatic and driverless system line in Singapore that is 43 km (27 mi) long.
The Thomson-East Coast Line will add greatly to the accessibility and connectivity of the current rail network, with interchanges to all other five MRT lines.
North–South Corridor (NSC)The 21.5 km (13.4 mi) North–South Corridor will stretch from Woodlands and Sembawang to the western end of the East Coast Parkway, relieving traffic on the congested Central Expressway.
The Land Transport Authority announced that the NSC will be transformed to Singapore's first integrated transport corridor featuring continuous bus lanes and cycling trunk routes, throughout the length of the route.
Changi Northern and Southern CorridorA two-part infrastructure project near Changi Airport designed to complement the upcoming Cross Island MRT line and future Changi Airport Terminal 5, the Changi Northern and Southern Corridor includes the widening of existing roads, building of new roads, a new viaduct, and erecting new cycling paths.
Land acquisitions affecting parts of the Laguna National Golf and Country Club and three JTC Corporation plots will also take place as part of the Changi Southern Corridor construction.
The Changi Northern Corridor consists of a new viaduct being built along Loyang Avenue, between Tampines Expressway (TPE) and Loyang Way.
Loyang Avenue will also have new bus lanes as well as cycling paths along the surrounding roads connected to the existing Park Connector Network (PCN).
Most of the work will be completed by 2026, with the remainder by 2029, in conjunction with Loyang MRT Station on the Cross Island Line.
The Changi Southern Corridor consists of new roads that will connect Changi Airport Terminal 5 to the East Coast Parkway (ECP) and a widened and realigned Tanah Merah Coast Road.
Existing roads such as the Pan Island Expressway (PIE) will also be widened, while two flyovers will be reconfigured.
Works in the Southern Corridor are estimated to be completed by end-2026.The entire project is scheduled to be completed by 2029.Changi Airport Terminal 5Terminal 5 is set to be ready by end 2030s.
Previously proposed as an LRT line, the Jurong Region Line was re-proposed into a fully elevated MRT line 24 km long with 24 stations.
It will serve West Coast, Tengah and Choa Chu Kang, besides just Jurong when originally announced in 2001.A study on the possible 7 km West Coast extension from Pandan Reservoir MRT station to Haw Par Villa MRT station on the Circle line is currently being conducted.
The Cross Island MRT is an under construction 50km heavy metro line in Singapore.
The first phase of the Cross Island MRT line will be completed by 2030, spanning 29 km (18 miles) from Changi, Loyang, Pasir Ris, Defu, Hougang, Ang Mo Kio and Bishan with 12 stations.
A 7.3 km (4.5 miles) extension to Punggol will be completed by 2031, consisting of four stations: Punggol, Riviera, Elias, and Pasir Ris.
The Johor Bahru-Singapore Rapid Transit System (RTS) is an upcoming 4 km cross-border light-rail link between Bukit Changar in Johor Bahru and Woodlands North MRT station in Singapore.
It will transport approximately 10,000 passengers per hour each way to ease traffic on the already-congested Causeway.
Initially to be located as part of the Thomson-East Coast MRT line Mandai Depot, the RTS link depot will be relocated to Wadi Hana in Johor Bahru instead.
Construction of the RTS Link Woodlands North station has begun on 22 January 2021.
The station, to be constructed underground, will feature an underground link to the CIQ Building and connected via an underground concourse to the existing Woodlands North MRT station on the Thomson-East Coast MRT line.
To be completed by 2026, the 4 km (2.5 mi) extension will run from Marina Bay through Keppel, ending at HarbourFront and will close the gap between the Harbourfront and Marina Bay stations, so that the Circle Line is fully orbital.
This extension will see the addition of three new stations: Keppel, Cantonment, and Prince Edward Road.
To be completed by 2024, the extension will run from Expo and through East Coast area, from Xilin to Sungei Bedok.
This extension will see the addition of two new stations: Xilin and Sungei Bedok, with the latter being an interchange with the Thomson-East Coast line.
On 7 June 2017, it was announced by then-Second Minister for Transport Ng Chee Meng that the North-East Line extension was to open in 2023, a few years ahead of the expected opening date of 2030.
The single station extension will span 1.6 km (1 mi) and will serve the future Punggol North area.
The station is tentatively called Punggol Coast MRT station.
On 13 November 2020, Minister of Transport Ong Ye Kung announced that the station would be completed in 2024 instead due to delays from the COVID-19 pandemic.
This comes even as works progressed to 40% completion with the tunnels finished.
Initially built as a "shell station" as part of the Downtown line Phase 2, Hume MRT Station (DT4), located between Beauty World MRT station and Hillview MRT station, will be opened by 2025 when the surrounding areas of Upper Bukit Timah and Hume Avenue are built up with new developments.
Set to begin construction in the second quarter of 2021, the upcoming Jurong East Integrated Transport Hub will house community and civic institutions, a 27-storey office tower, and the new Jurong East Bus Interchange.
Situated at Jurong East MRT station, the integrated transport hub will provide direct connectivity and more convenient transfers between the North South line, East West line, and the upcoming Jurong Region line.
The S$20 billion Tuas Mega Port started its first phase of construction in 2016, with the second phase in 2019.
To be opened in four stages from 2021, the port will consolidate all existing port operations at Tanjong Pagar, Pasir Panjang, Keppel, and Pulau Brani, and centralise it at Tuas Terminal from 2027.
Approximately twice the size of Ang Mo Kio town, when fully operational in 2040, the Tuas Mega Port will be the world's largest fully automated terminal, with features such as automated wharf and yard functions, and fully-electric automated guided vehicles to carry out its key operations.
Large retail outlets such as Tesco and Decathlon are being considered to bring in weekend crowds.
The area will be partly opened for public use and its accessibility will be greatly improved if plans for the Tuas South MRT Extension on the East West line come into fruition.
The first in Southeast Asia, the upcoming 50-hectare Integrated Train Testing Centre (ITTC) will be equipped to test the rail systems of Singapore 24/7, without causing any disruptions to regular passenger services.
The centre, located at the former Raffles Country Club in Tuas, will begin operations in phases, with the first phase to be completed by end-2022 to receive new trains and test systems for the Circle line Stage 6.
To be the first in the world to integrate three train depots and a bus depot within a single site when completed, the upcoming S$3.2 billion East Coast Integrated Depot will occupy approximately 36 hectares of land.
The Downtown line depot will be located underground, followed by the Thomson-East Coast line depot on ground level and the East West line depot on the level above it.
On the other hand, the adjacent three-storey bus depot will house workshops on the first level with the remaining two levels being parking bays.
Announced on 25 May 2019, the Land Transport Master Plan 2040 (LTMP 2040) reveals the long-term plans to meet the transport needs of Singaporeans over the next two decades.
Two new stations will be added on the North South line.
Brickland MRT station, to be located between Choa Chu Kang MRT station and Bukit Gombak MRT station, will serve residents living in the surrounding areas and the upcoming Tengah New Town.
Sungei Kadut MRT station, to be located between Yew Tee MRT station and Kranji MRT station, will serve industries in the area as well as the upcoming Sungei Kadut Eco-District.
The Downtown line will be extended to the future Sungei Kadut MRT station.
This will result in the terminus to be shifted from the current Bukit Panjang MRT station to Sungei Kadut MRT station.
The extension is scheduled to operational by the mid-2030s, when the Sungei Kadut MRT station is completed.
The Thomson-East Coast line will also be extended, with an additional MRT station serving the future Changi Airport Terminal 5.
The current East West line branch from Tanah Merah MRT station to Changi Airport MRT station will also be converted and linked up as part of the Thomson-East Coast line extension.
If feasible, the new proposed line will run between Woodlands and the future Greater Southern Waterfront, serving parts of Sembawang, Sengkang, Serangoon North, Whampoa, and Kallang along the way.
Other than the MRT network, more Transit Priority Corridors (TPC) and Integrated Transport Hubs (ITH) will be built to improve the bus network and its connectivity.
Overall, the LTMP 2040 aims to ensure the land transport system of Singapore is more seamless and convenient, inclusive, safer, and cleaner.
After Ang Mo Kio, Tampines will be the second walking and cycling town in Singapore when works to improve the town's infrastructure are completed.
The total length of cycling paths in Tampines will be three times more than the current length.
A cycling bridge over the Tampines Expressway (TPE) to connect Tampines and Pasir Ris, and a cycling underpass to connect Tampines and Simei are currently under study.
Announced by the Land Transport Authority on 5 February 2021, Sengkang Depot, specifically the depot for the Sengkang and Punggol LRT lines, will be expanded from 3.5 hectares to 11.1 hectares to cater for the upcoming fleet expansion of both LRT lines.
Situated above the North East MRT line's depot, the expansion will include a new train stabling area, a maintenance workshop, and three new traction power stations.
Currently closed partially for improvement works, Changi Airport Terminal 2 will be upgraded on a large-scale to handle up to 5 million more passengers a year.
One of the boards has been retired and will be donated to the National Heritage Board (NHB) to become part of Singapore's National Collection.
The revamped Terminal 2 will feature more greenery and 15,500 square metres more space for both travellers and visitors.
Unveiled on 5 February 2016, the 43-hectare Singapore General Hospital (SGH) Campus at Outram will be redeveloped and expanded over the next two decades.
Patient care facilities will take up 60% of the land, with the remaining 40% dedicated to research and education purposes anchored by the Duke-NUS Medical School and a new Research Park.
Phase 1 includes new developments such as the already-completed Outram Community Hospital, SGH Accident & Emergency Block, SGH Elective Care Centre, a new National Dental Centre Singapore (NDCS), and a new National Cancer Centre Singapore (NCCS).
After the completion of Phase 1, Phase 2 will begin with the development of an entirely new SGH complex.
To improve accessibility and convenience for patients and visitors, facilities with high patient volume such as the new NDCS and NCCS and the new SGH complex will be relocated closer to Outram Park MRT Station.
Unveiled on 30 August 2013, the 17-hectare Health City Novena is an upcoming integrated healthcare complex that will physically link up 10 buildings including, the Tan Tock Seng Hospital (TTSH), a medical school, and public and volunteer healthcare facilities in the area.
The master plan includes an Ambulatory Centre at TTSH, the already-completed National Centre for Infectious Disease (NCID), an expanded National Skin Centre and National Healthcare Group headquarters, and a new Integrated Intermediate Care Hub (IICH) comprising Dover Park Hospice and a community hospital that will be connected to TTSH and Ren Ci Hospital for seamless patient transfers.
Other than offering a full range of holistic care experiences, Health City Novena will also encompass health services, research and education, commercial, leisure, and public spaces.
Broken-ground on 18 April 2017, the 7.66-hectare Woodlands Health Campus is an upcoming 1,800-bed healthcare facility in Woodlands to be managed by the National Healthcare Group.
The acute and community hospitals will be housed in the same building, a first in Singapore, to share medical professionals and seamlessly transfer patients between the two hospitals.
The nursing home, together with a senior care centre, will be operated by Ren Ci Hospital.
Ren Ci Hopsital operates three facilities in Singapore - Ren Ci Community Hospital at 71 irrawady road, and two nursing homes at bukit batok and ang mo kio.
The garden is Singapore's first parkland that is purpose-built for patient healing.
The campus, within walking distance to Woodlands South MRT station, is expected to be completed and opened in phases from 2022.
Announced on 8 December 2019, Serangoon Polyclinic is an upcoming polyclinic located opposite NEX Shopping Mall in Serangoon.
When completed by 2025, Serangoon Polyclinic will be the largest polyclinic in Singapore by floor area.
Announced on 5 March 2020, Alexandra Hospital will be redeveloped and expanded from 12.2 hectares to 13.1 hectares.
The redevelopment will allow for greater accessibility from Queensway, and house more spaces for trials on new care models.
It will also place focus on preserving the hospital's history and heritage, where conserved Blocks 1, 2, and 6 will be retained.
A new integrated hospital in Bedok North is slated to be constructed to relieve the load on the existing Changi General Hospital (CGH), currently the only public hospital serving eastern towns such as Pasir Ris, Tampines, Bedok, Marine Parade and Siglap.
The new hospital will be Singapore's 12th public general hospital and is to be managed by SingHealth.
Scheduled to be operational by 2030, the integrated hospital will be located next to Bedok North MRT station.
Announced on 16 July 2019, Singapore will be building its first dementia care village to care for dementia patients and improve their quality of life and residential options available to them.
The special village will be built on a site in Gibraltar Crescent near Sembawang Park.
Punggol Coast MRT Station will serve the Singapore Institute of Technology (SIT) and the Punggol Digital District (PDD). The Singapore Institute of Technology is currently spread across a small primary campus in Dover, and facilities loaned to the university by Singapore Polytechnic, Republic Polytechnic, Ngee Ann Polytechnic, Nanyang Polytechnic and Temasek Polytechnic.
The new 91,000 square-metre centralised campus in Punggol will have a capacity of up to 12,000 students.
The campus will be co-located with a new JTC Business Park to foster greater student-industry collaboration.
SIT and JTC have exchanged 8,000 square metres of space, allowing industry partners to operate within the SIT campus, and student attending classes in the JTC buildings.
An 11-storey Admin Block will house approximately 2,200 administrative staff and faculty, while another 10-storey building, named the Learning Hub, will be fitted with a solar panel roof, where energy generated will be transferred into the grid which integrates gas, electricity, and thermal energy into a unified smart energy network.
The entire development will be the first university in South-east Asia to have a multi-energy micro grid network that draws energy from various sources.
Aside from a market village and a foodcourt facing the waterfront, 1.7 hectares of an existing forest along Punggol Road will be conserved to create a forest courtyard, giving the campus a distinctive 'campus-in-a-park' identity.
The existing Punggol Road will also be transformed into a 1.3 km heritage trail, running through the campus and to the waterfront.
A new S$50 million, 20,000 square-metre 12-storey block, christened the Ngee Ann Kongi Building, will be built adjacent to the existing LASALLE College of the Arts at McNally Street and integrated with Ropchor MRT Station.
The expansion will allow the consolidation of LASALLE's two existing campuses at 9 winstedt road and 1 mcnally street.
The new building, to be built with the S$50 million donation from Ngee Ann Kongsi, will also feature a glass facade that opens out to Rochor Canal Road.
Currently under construction outside the Nature Reserves, the 126-hectare Mandai Nature Precinct will be majorly rejuvenated.
Jurong Bird Park will be relocated from its current site at Jurong and rejuvenated in the new precinct with a new name - Bird Paradise, as well as an addition of a new park named Rainforest Wild.
When fully completed, the precinct will be home to the Singapore Zoo, Night Safari, River Wonders, Bird Paradise, and Rainforest Wild.
The new 17-hectare Bird Paradise will allow visitors to observe free-flying birds in their natural habitats at the nine new aviaries themed with different landscapes from around the world, such as wetlands, bamboo forests, and rainforests.
The new 12.5-hectare Rainforest Wild, which aspires to be an authentic representation of a rainforest, will allow visitors to go on aerial walkways that extend from the forest floor to the treetop canopies, or relax in the cool forest in suspended pods.
Home-grown hospitality group, Banyan Tree, has been appointed to develop and operate the eco-resort, which will be built on a 4.6-hectare site currently housing the Singapore Zoo's back-of-house facilities.
When completed, the resort will be Singapore's first Super Low Energy resort.
Two arrival nodes, namely West Arrival Node and East Arrival Node, will also be constructed to welcome visitors into the entire precinct.
The West Arrival Node will include a breath-taking view of a waterfall set amidst a "luxuriantly-landscaped" cavern.
The East Arrival Node, which is envisioned as a forest courtyard, will feature a synergy of nature and architecture.
The East Arrival Node will also house a basement transportation hub, creating a vehicle-free environment at surface level for public performances and events.
On 13 October 2021, Mandai Wildlife Group introduced a rebranding of the five parks, unveiling new logos and the renaming of River Safari and Jurong Bird Park to River Wonders and Bird Paradise, respectively.
Announced on 3 April 2019, the Marina Bay Sands (MBS) and Resorts World Sentosa (RWS) resortswill be expanded, with the plans costing S$9 billion.
Las Vegas Sands has agreed to expand Marina Bay Sands by building a new 15,000-seat indoor indoor entertainment arena and a fourth tower containing about 1,000 hotel rooms and a sky roof with a swimming pool and a signature restaurant.
Resorts World Sentosa will have two new attractions, Minion Park and Super Nintendo World, at Universal Studios Singapore.
The existing S.E.A. Aquarium will expand thrice its current size and be rebranded as the Singapore Oceanarium.
Genting Singapore will add two new hotels with a total capacity of 1,100 rooms and a future lifestyle complex at the waterfront at Resorts World Sentosa.
The waterfront promenade will be revamped to include new night shows and an event zone, with a new Adventure Dining Playhouse to replace the existing Resorts World Theatre.
A driverless system will also be built across the Sentosa Boardwalk for better connectivity.
RWS's new attractions will open in phases, yearly from 2020, and expected to be fully completed by 2025.
Should Marina Bay Sands and Resorts World Sentosa decide to expand gaming facilities, they will be allowed an additional space of 2,000 square metres and 500 square metres respectively adding to the current 15,000 sq m each, with 1,000 and 800 new machines respectively on top of the 2,500 each.
Sentosa and Pulau Brani will be transformed under the Sentosa-Brani Master Plan.
A new resort run by NTUC, similar to NTUC Downtown East in Pasir Ris, will be located on Pulau Brani.
A suitable location is still being worked out with the National Trades Union Congress.
The first project to be built will be the S$90 million Sentosa Sensoryscape, a themed two-tiered thoroughfare connecting Resorts World Sentosa and the southern beaches, replacing the current linkway.
When completed by 2022, the Sentosa Sensoryscape will double the current linkway capacity, being as large as 5½ football fields.
As a result, the Sentosa Merlion will be demolished from year-end, with its last day of operations on 20 October 2019.
The four shops around Sentosa Merlion started closing from the next day onwards.
The current Police Coast Guard headquarters on Pulau Brani will stay put.
Announced by Sport Singapore (SportSG) on 6 August 2019, the area around Kallang and the Singapore Sports Hub is set to be further enhanced as a destination for sport and world-class entertainment and inject vibrancy into the area while complementing the already-completed Singapore Sports Hub.
Included in the plan is Singapore's first velodrome to cater to the community and serve as the national training centre for track cycling.
The velodrome will be part of the Youth Hub which include spaces for non-traditional sports such as speed climbing and parkour.
Built on the former Kallang baseball/softball field, the Kallang Football Hub will house the national training centre and ActiveSG Football Academy.
Replacing one of the outdoor carparks near the Kallang Leisure Park, the new tennis facility, Singapore Tennis Centre, will consist of open and sheltered courts and similarly function as the national training centre and ActiveSG Academy.
The Kallang Theatre and its surrounding areas will be redeveloped into an integrated sport, entertainment, and lifestyle centre.
A circular walking and cycling loop named Alive Gateway and Loop will also be built to trace the original Kallang Airport airfield and link to the waterfront.
This would reintegrate the old Kallang Airport site with the overall precinct.
Benaan Kapal Green, an active community park space, will be introduced along the waterfront and includes park connectors, running trails, and play areas for the public.
First announced in 2017 and a reveal of the artist's impressions and further details on 9 August 2020, the NS Square is set to replace the existing The Float @ Marina Bay and is envisioned to be the central focus of the new downtown area.
The development will be aligned on a central axis, with The Promontory on the opposite side of the bay, offering a panoramic view of the city skyline.
Like its predecessor, the NS Square will continue to host future National Day Parades, as well as a new addition of a permanent gallery dedicated to national servicemen (NSmen) and honour their past and present contributions.
The NS Square will be a permanent space for large-scale national events and has a seating capacity of 30,000.
It will also include community sports facilities, such as a swimming pool and water sports centre, as well as a waterfront promenade with F&B and retail outlets that will improve pedestrian connectivity.
If the Singapore Grand Prix is extended beyond 2021, the temporary closure of the floating platform for construction works of the NS Square will affect the race's Bay Grandstand.
A realignment to the Marina Bay Street Circuit, particularly the 300-metre stretch from Turns 16 to 19 along the floating platform, will also have to be carried out.
The S$30 million Singtel Waterfront Theatre at the Esplanade is scheduled to be completed and opened in the second half of 2021.
The waterfront theatre will occupy a 3,000 square-metre area along the Esplanade Waterfront, replacing the existing open-air carpark and the Edge, where music festival Baybeats used to be held.
To begin construction in 2022 in a 5-hectare waterfront site at Gardens by the Bay's Bay East Garden, the Founders' Memorial is scheduled to be completed in 2027 to honour the pioneer leaders of Singapore.
The waterfront site will offer visitors a clear view of the Singapore skyline.
The Founders' Memorial will be served by the future Founders' Memorial MRT station on the Thomson-East Coast line, which will be opened in tandem with the development.
Announced by the Singapore Tourism Board on 7 April 2021, SkyHelix Sentosa is an open-air gondola that will rotate and ascend 35 metres above ground.
Set to be Singapore's first open-air panoramic attraction when completed in 2022, SkyHelix Sentosa will offer visitors a scenic view of Sentosa and the Southern Waterfront.
Located next to the GX-5 Extreme Swing in Clarke Quay and said to be Asia's tallest, Slingshot is an upcoming thrill ride which will catapult riders close to 70 metres into the air, reaching speeds of 160km per hour.
Replacing the G-Max Reverse Bungee, Slingshot is expected to be completed by the end of 2021
Designed by Zaha Hadid Architects, the new Science Centre Singapore will be larger than the current centre to house more gallery spaces for thematic exhibitions and enhanced educational facilities such as specialised laboratories for visitors to conduct hands-on experiments and create new inventions.
The new centre, set to be completed by 2025, will be located at a waterfront site next to Chinese Garden MRT station.
Currently closed for renovation works, the S$90 million revamp of the Singapore Arts Museum (SAM) will be completed in 2026.
A double-volume atrium entryway and outdoor plaza will also be built to welcome visitors arriving from the Bras Basah MRT station.
The existing driveway at the Bras Basah entrance will also be converted into a lawn for pedestrians.
Due to the expansion, a new facade featuring reflective glass panels angled towards and reflecting the existing dome of the original heritage main building will be seen from Bras Basah Road.
Currently closed for redevelopment works, the Singapore Philatelic Museum will become a dedicated children's museum. The revamped Singapore Philatelic Museum will encourage visitors to explore and learn through artefacts, hands-on and immersive displays, personal stories, and role-playing.
Closed since 18 March 2019, the redeveloped Singapore Philatelic Museum will be reopened in 2021.
On 16 April 2019, the Singapore Tourism Board announced a new 7-hectare integrated tourism development in Jurong Lake District, which will be built by 2026.
The development will feature a hotel, attractions, eateries and shops and will be located near to the new Science Centre Singapore and the Chinese Garden MRT station.
The 12-hectare Bukit Canberra is an upcoming integrated sports and community hub next to Sembawang MRT station.
The hub will house facilities including an indoor sports hall, the largest ActiveSG gym in Singapore, a six-lane sheltered swimming pool, and an eight-lane lap pool.
The former Admiralty House will also be restored as part of the plans.
Bukit Canberra will be the second such community hub in Singapore, after Our Tampines Hub in Tampines.
It will open in phases, with the entire development expected to be fully operational by September 2021.One
Currently under construction, the 42,300 square-metre One Punggol in Punggol will feature a 700-seat hawker centre and the Punggol Regional Library among a variety of other amenities such as the revamped Punggol Vista Community Centre, a childcare centre, and multiple healthcare service centres.
The cycling path around the development will also be integrated with the larger cycling network of Punggol.
The hub will be located opposite Waterway Point, and adjacent to the upcoming Punggol Regional Sports Centre which will be linked via a pedestrian overhead bridge.
It will also be connected to Punggol MRT station and Punggol Town Square via a green linear park, and Sam Kee LRT station.
The hub will be the third such community hub in Singapore, after Our Tampines Hub in Tampines and Bukit Canberra in Sembawang.
Adjacent to the upcoming Punggol Town Hub, the Punggol Regional Sports Centre will feature a 5,000-seater football stadium, a swimming complex with five pools, an indoor sports hall with 20 badminton courts, and a team sports hall with three convertible basketball courts.
Aside from these facilities, the centre will also include a gym, a fitness studio, sheltered tennis and futsal courts, a water activity centre, and an archery training centre.
The centre will be catered to a wide range of competitive sporting events and will be integrated with the Punggol Waterway and co-located with the existing SAFRA Punggol clubhouse.
An 11 km elevated green link running above and parallel to the Bukit Timah Canal, the Bukit Timah-Rochor Green Corridor will provide visitors a seamless connection between Jurong Lake Gardens, Singapore Botanic Gardens, and Gardens by the Bay.
Announced on 19 August 2020, the upcoming Sungei Buloh Nature Park Network will become Singapore's second nature park network when completed.
The nature park covers an area of more than 400 hectares and consists of the existing Sungei Buloh Wetland Reserve and Kranji Marshes, the upcoming Mandai Mangrove and Mudflat and Lim Chu Kang Nature Park, and other smaller nature areas.
The 72.8-hectare Mandai Mangrove and Mudflat, formerly out of bounds to the public, will be refurbished with basic amenities such as a nature trail, bicycle racks, and bird hides for public access.
The 18-hectare Lim Chu Kang Nature Park, formerly the Western Extension, will be linked up with the Lim Chu Kang mangroves and feature outdoor play areas.
The 100-year-old Cashin House at the edge of the shore will also be reconstructed for educational purposes with new facilities such as an exhibition space, seminar rooms, and a seaview terrace.
The entire network, boasting more than 15 km of nature trails, is expected to be opened by 2022 and will be connected to the Round-Island-Route.
With restoration works on habitats in the park begun in January 2019, the upcoming enhanced 67-hectare Rifle Range Park will mainly serve as a buffer to reduce edge effects on the adjacent Bukit Timah Nature Reserve.
The former Sin Ming Quarry, which was once one of the deepest quarries in Singapore, will also be restored and transformed into a freshwater habitat with a lookout point to allow visitors to appreciate marsh birds and learn more about Singapore's native biodiversity.
An elevated walkway from Beauty World to the quarry will be constructed for visitors to access the quarry.
Announced on 11 March 2019, the 36-year-old Registries of Civil and Muslim Marriages Building at Fort Canning will have its interior refurbished and modernised.
Paya Lebar Airbase is set to be closed and the land freed up for civilian use by 2030, with the Republic of Singapore Air Force moving operations to an expanded Tengah Airbase and Changi Airbase (East).
Officially ground-broken on 25 November 2019, the NS Hub, which occupies a land area of approximately nine hectares, will house the Central Manpower Base (CMPB), Military Medicine Institute (MMI), and a new Fitness Conditioning Centre to meet all the services that pre-enlistees and Operationally Ready National Servicemen (NSmen) need.
Currently, pre-enlistees attend medical screenings at the CMPB located at Depot Road, and the MMI located at Kent Ridge for other specialist medical services.
NSMen may take their yearly IPPTs at Fitness Conditioning Centres located at 4 army camps - Khatib Camp, Kranji Camp II, Maju Camp and Bedok Camp.
However, with the NS Hub, national servicemen will not need to report to various locations across Singapore for different NS services.
The NS Hub will also be utilising technology such as facial recognition, automation, and analytics to improve visitor experience.
Other than NSmen, the public will also be able to use the facilities at the NS Hub.
Set to be completed by 2023, the NS Hub will be directly accessible via an overhead bridge from Cashew MRT station along Upper Bukit Timah Road.
First announced on 30 March 2017 by the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA), the current Woodlands Checkpoint will be expanded with the addition of a new wing to be built at the site of the Old Woodlands Town Centre, adjacent to the checkpoint.
Announced on 10 December 2019 by the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA), the carpark next to the current ICA Building at Lavender will be replaced by a new 10-storey 24-hour Integrated Services Centre.
Other than providing a convenient one-stop centre offering public services, the new centre will also house a number of service centres, a heritage centre, the Registrar of Societies, and the Casino Regulatory Authority.
The North East MRT line (NEL) is a high-capacity Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line in Singapore.
The line runs from HarbourFront station in southern Singapore to Punggol station in the northeast, serving 16 stations via Chinatown, Little India, Serangoon and Hougang.
The third MRT line in Singapore, the NEL was conceptualised in the 1980s and 1990s.
Buangkok station opened on 15 January 2006, and Woodleigh station began operations on 20 June 2011.
A one-station extension to Punggol Coast station is under construction and expected to be completed in 2024.
Two rolling stocks supplied by Alstom - C751A and C751C - run the line, and are powered by an overhead catenary system.
The NEL also saw the launch of the Art-in-Transit programme, with eighteen artworks displayed across the 16 stations.
The Mass Rapid Transit Corporation (MRTC) first proposed an additional MRT line serving the northeastern areas of Punggol and Jalan Kayu in September 1984.
In March 1986, the British firm drew up a tentative route from Outram Park to Punggol.
The line would interchange with the existing MRT system at Dhoby Ghaut station and pass through Kandang Kerbau and Hougang, paralleling the major roads of Serangoon Road and Upper Serangoon Road.
A branch line from Hougang to Jalan Kayu was also proposed.
The segment of the line in the city would be underground, while the portion after Braddell Road would be elevated.
The MRTC, which approved the project in October, had proposed that the line be linked with Bishan Depot, which would maintain and service trains running on the future line.
In February 1991, it was further proposed to extend the line to Pulau Tekong via Pulau Ubin.
The Woodlands line extension, costing S$1.35 billion (US$0.7 billion), took precedence over the S$4.3 billion (US$2.4 billion) North East Line.
Mah had also earlier explained in 1992 that the Woodlands extension was built because, unlike the northeast, plans were already "firmed up" for developments in Woodlands.
Shortly after on 19 January, during the debate on the White Paper, the government announced it had decided to build the NEL immediately, which was met with applause in the Parliament.
Thirteen civil contracts for the trackwork and for construction of the stations, Sengkang Depot and associated tunnels were awarded at a total sum of S$2.8 billion (US$1.9 billion).
Construction of the line began with a groundbreaking ceremony at Farrer Park station on 25 November 1997.
On 20 May 1999, SBS Transit (then Singapore Bus Service Ltd) was appointed to operate the line along with the Sengkang and Punggol LRT systems.
With bus operations in the area handed over from Trans-Island Bus Services (TIBS) to the newly appointed operator, SBS then had control over both bus and rail services in the northeast, allowing the inter-modal integration that the government aimed for.
Construction challenges on the line include having to divert the Eu Tong Seng canal into pipes for the construction of Chinatown station and having to avoid flooding the tunnels and station while boring the tunnels underneath the Singapore River between the Clarke Quay and Dhoby Ghaut stations.
At Outram Park station, to minimise any movement to the East West line (EWL) tunnels, an arch roof of steel pipes filled with cement were laid underneath the EWL tunnels.
Jet grout arches were also used to support the North South line (NSL) tunnels when explosives were used to remove the hard rock while tunnelling from Clarke Quay to Dhoby Ghaut.
When the 16 stations were announced, Potong Pasir (then named Sennett), Woodleigh and Punggol were not to be built along with the other stations due to the lack of developments around the stations' sites at the time.
The decision not to build and open Sennett station, however, generated political controversy, with claims by residents and opposition MP Chiam See Tong that the station would only open if the ruling People's Action Party (PAP) secured the constituency.
In 2002, following a revised study on ridership numbers, the government decided to open the station when the other NEL stations opened, citing projected developments around the site.
The station was also given its present name.
The NEL was initially expected to be completed by the end of 2002, with various SBS staff being trained on train maintenance and the various technical aspects of the fully automated system.
However, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) in September 2002 stated that the line might be opened later, in April 2003, to allow sufficient time for tests on the line.
The line's systems were handed over to SBS Transit on 16 December, with the operator carrying out further tests.
Due to a glitch in the signalling system, however, the NEL's opening was delayed further to June, with tests briefly being handed over to the LTA.
As it had to bear the cost of maintenance and manpower, SBS Transit sought compensation from the government for the delay.
With the exception of two stations (Buangkok and Woodleigh), the NEL commenced operations on 20 June 2003.
About 140,000 people visited and took the NEL on its opening day.
A train, stalled between Boon Keng and Potong Pasir, had to be manually steered to Farrer Park.
Another train failed to depart Dhoby Ghaut station, as its sensors mistakenly indicated that a set of doors remained open, and hence was pulled from service.
On 17 June 2003, operator SBS Transit announced that two stations - Woodleigh and Buangkok - would not open along with the other NEL stations.
Residents around the system were upset by the sudden decision to keep Buangkok station closed, but they were assured by MPs and grassroots leaders that the station would be opened.
With public pressure and after residents promised to use the station, SBS Transit announced at the end of 2005 that it would open the station on 15 January 2006.
Many residents still traveled to the adjacent stations of Sengkang and Hougang due to the amenities around these stations.
Woodleigh station, built near the former Bidadari cemetery, was scheduled to be opened about seven or eight years after the rest of the NEL opened.
In January 2011, The Straits Times reported that preparations for the station's opening had been ongoing since the second half of 2010; the newspaper speculated that the station would open in mid-2011 to serve new developments in the area.
In a parliament session in March, Transport Minister Raymond Lim confirmed that Woodleigh station would open on 20 June 2011.
On the opening day, however, several commuters alighted at Woodleigh station by accident, having intended to alight at the adjacent Serangoon station and being unaware that Woodleigh had opened.
On 17 January 2013, then-Minister for Transport Lui Tuck Yew announced that it would construct a one-station extension to the NEL to serve the upcoming developments in Punggol North.
While tunneling works were completed on 13 November 2020, transport minister Ong Ye Kung announced that Punggol Coast station's completion would be delayed to 2024 due to delays from the COVID-19 pandemic.
On weekdays and Saturdays, the first train on the line departs from the northern terminus Punggol at 5.42 am, while the last train on the line departs from the southern terminus HarbourFront at 11:56 pm.
The total travel time between the NEL's termini at harbourfront and punggol is 32 minutes.
The NEL initially had a higher fare structure compared to the North South and East West lines due to the higher operating costs.
As the name implies, the fully-underground 20-kilometre (12 mi) North East line runs from the Central Area to the northeastern parts of the island.
Beginning at HarbourFront station, the line runs northeast, paralleling the New Bridge Road and Eu Tong Street in Chinatown between Outram Park and Clarke Quay stations.
Passing underneath the Singapore River and Fort Canning Hill to Dhoby Ghaut station, the NEL continues north to Little India station, cutting underneath Bukit Timah Road.
Following Race Course Road and Serangoon Road through Little India and Boon Keng, it cuts through Whampoa River and Kallang River before reaching Potong Pasir.
Between the Potong Pasir and Kovan stations, the line parallels Upper Serangoon Road before curving north to Hougang station.
The line then runs along Hougang Avenue 6 and Sengkang Central to Sengkang station in Sengkang and further extends to Punggol station in Punggol town, where the line terminates.
The NEL will continue towards Punggol Coast station in 2024, curving eastward past Punggol.
HarbourFront station, being located by the sea, has a maritime theme with the ship hull elliptical motif used for the ceiling and the concourse openings to the platforms.
At Little India station, the metal grills of the station walls have leaf-shaped patterns similar to the door patterns to the Hindu prayer rooms.
Exit A of Chinatown station features a pavilion-style transparent roof structure which allows natural light into the station and provides an unobstructed view of the shophouses along Pagoda Street.
Exit D and Exit F of Dhoby Ghaut Station is directly connected to Plaza Singapura shopping mall.
Exit A and Exit E of Choa Chu Kang station is linked to Lot One.
Exit A connects to an unpaid linkway to Bukit Panjang LRT Station, Exit B leads to a bus stop offering connections to Choa Chu Kang and Woodlands, Exit C offers direct access to Senja neighbourhood and Exit D provides a link to bukit panjang bus interchange and hillion mall.
At Serangoon, each of the four triangular-shaped entrances is painted with a unique colour and encased in a cubic structure.
serangoon polyclinic will be served by exit C of serangoon station.
Unlike the other NEL stations, the entrances of Buangkok station do not employ glass in their design; white Teflon sheets supported by metal frames envelops the entrances.
Dhoby Ghaut station is the largest station on the MRT network.
The five-level underground station is also integrated with the twin-towered office complex Atrium@Orchard above the station.
The first such integration on the MRT network, it allows for more efficient land use while improving access to public transport.
The NEL platforms at the station were one of the deepest platform on the network at 28 metres (92 ft) underground.
The four-level Sengkang station is an integrated hub with the three modes of transport – MRT, LRT and bus – serving the Sengkang area.
Besides the transport facilities, sengkang station is fully integrated with sengkang integrated transport hub, which houses Sengkang bus interchange, compass point mall, and compass heights condominium.
The nature of the development meant there was little space to expand sengkang bus interchange, resulting in the temporary compassvale bus interchange being constructed to the east of the development.
As the station spans over Punggol Central at 320 metres (350 yards) to accommodate the bus stops, taxi stands and passenger drop-off points along that road, Punggol station is the longest station on the NEL.
The Sengkang Depot, located along Sengkang East Avenue, is the service and storage area for NEL trains.
It is between the Buangkok and Sengkang stations.
Sengkang Depot also hosts the Operations Control Centre (OCC) for the North East Line.
The NEL depot can accommodate up to 44 trains.
The depot also houses LRT trains for the Sengkang and Punggol LRT lines above the NEL depot.
The depot workshop has equipment that can lift up an entire train for repairs – the first such workshop in Singapore.
The OCC also controls the equipment and systems of tunnels, stations, power substations and the depot, which are all integrated into one terminal.
Alongside a training and software development room, the OCC has a depot control centre to monitor and supervise operations in the depot.
Every station has a Passenger Service Centre (PSC) at the concourse.
The PSC communicates with the OCC at the depot.
Woodleigh station features one of the longest sets of escalators at 38.5 metres (126 ft).
Besides escalators, Dhoby Ghaut station is the first MRT station to feature a set of 55 metres (180 ft) travellators that links between the NEL and NSL platforms.
With the exception of three stations (Dhoby Ghaut, Sengkang and Punggol), all NEL stations are designated as Civil Defence (CD) shelters.
Chinatown MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the North East (NEL) and Downtown (DTL) lines in Outram, Singapore.
Situated at the junction of Eu Tong Sen Street, New Bridge Road and Upper Cross Street, the station is near several landmarks, including the Buddha Tooth Relic Temple, Masjid Jamae (Chulia), Chinatown Point and People's Park Complex.
It involved multiple diversions of the main roads and the Eu Tong Sen Canal, in addition to the preservation of the Garden Bridge.
The DTL platforms of the station opened on 22 December 2013 as part of Stage 1 of the line.
Each of the six entrances has glass structures, with the Pagoda Street entrance having a pavilion-style transparent roof structure and the DTL entrance having an elliptical shape.
Chinatown station was first announced as People's Park station, along with the 15 other North East line (NEL) stations, by Communications Minister Mah Bow Tan on 4 March 1996.
Chinatown district is served by four stations - Chinatown and Clarke Quay on the North East Line, Telok Ayer on the Downtown Line and Maxwell on the Thomson-East Coast Line.
Arterial roads like New Bridge Road, Eu Tong Sen Street, and connecting streets had to be rerouted, closed and reinstated several times.
During the Lunar New Year in 2001, a temporary bridge was constructed to connect the two sides of Pagoda Street so pedestrians could walk over the entrance work site.
Following engagements with the local community, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) implemented measures such as shifting worksite hoarding aside to maximise walking space, working with artists to paint the worksite panels, minimising the worksite space at Pagoda Street and renovating the Garden Bridge to allow its integration with the station.
A temporary taxi stand was installed at Upper Cross Street to serve the retail development of Chinatown Point.
The LTA also built a temporary pedestrian staircase from the shops along New Bridge Road to the Garden Bridge.
The Eu Tong Sen Canal running through the station site had to be dismantled and diverted into four 300 m (980 ft) steel pipes to connect the unaffected parts of the canal.
The construction also involved the preservation of Garden Bridge as it is a social and cultural landmark in Chinatown.
In the evening of 22 November, a section of Eu Tong Sen Street collapsed, and it was closed along with neighbouring streets.
In conjunction with the station's opening, the surrounding shopping complexes People's Park Complex and the OG Shopping Centre underwent renovations and redevelopment.
The former Majestic Theatre near the station had also been refurbished and converted into a retail mall.
During the NEL station's construction, provisions were made for Chinatown station to link with a future MRT line.
In October 1997, it was announced that the station would become the terminus of the proposed 12-kilometre (7.5 mi) Marina Line.
On 26 April 2005, Today reported that soil tests were being conducted around Chinatown station, raising speculations of a possible rail link between Chinatown and Marina Bay via a new developing downtown.
On 14 June, the LTA announced that Chinatown station would be the terminus of the Downtown Extension (DTE) from Milennia station (now Promenade).
In preparation for the DTL construction, the utilities underneath Cross Street and Upper Cross Street were diverted into a 500-metre (1,600 ft) long Common Utility Trench (CUT).
The 7-metre (23 ft) wide and 3.5-metre (11 ft) deep CUT, located along Pickering Street and Church Street, was constructed using the cut and cover method.
The contract for the CUT construction was awarded to Hwa Seng Builder Pte Ltd on 18 August 2006 for S$6.4 million (US$4 million).
Contract 909 for the construction of the DTL station and associated tunnels was awarded to Gammon Construction at S$160.3 million (US$106.4 million) in August 2007.
During the construction, traffic was diverted to Cross Street and Upper Cross Street from March 2007 to the end of June 2008.
The area in front of Hong Lim Complex and Chinatown Point had been closed off to build the support wall for the station and tunnels.
Subsequently, a section of Upper Cross Street between Yue Hwa Building and Block 34 was realigned from 18 January 2010 until the station's completion in 2013.
An open house was held on 7 December 2013, before the DTL station commenced operations on 22 December.
The station was the terminus of the line until the opening of DTL Stage 3 to Expo station on 21 October 2017.Extending the DTL tunnels from Chinatown to Fort Canning station was a challenge, due to the narrow space between two Housing and Development Board (HDB) blocks and the State Court along the route.
In addition, the contractors had to divert the Singapore River for the tunnels’ construction.
Before deciding on the route taken to cross the Singapore River, 20 other tunnel routes were considered by LTA engineers but were deemed too unsafe or too damaging to the environment or both.
The NEL station is situated underground between Eu Tong Sen Street and New Bridge Road, while the DTL is underneath Cross Street.
In addition, this station site is closely linked to shopping centres and busy pedestrian areas, such as Chinatown Point, Hong Lim Complex, People's Park Complex and The Majestic.
Surrounding landmarks include the religious sites of Buddha Tooth Relic Temple, Masjid Jamae (Chulia), Fairfield Methodist Church, the Sri Mariamman Temple and the Sri Layan Sithi Vinayagar Temple.
The station serves public amenities including the State Courts, Family Justice Courts, Chinatown Visitor Centre and the Kreta Ayer Community Centre.
On the NEL, the station is between the Outram Park and Clarke Quay stations, with trains running every 2.5 to 5 minutes, depending on peak hours.
On the DTL, the station is between the Telok Ayer and Fort Canning stations, with trains on the line passing every 2.5 to 5 minutes.
The DTL station is 450 metres (1,480 ft) long, with plans to connect the station with the adjacent Telok Ayer station via an underground retail link.
The NEL station is designated as a Civil Defence (CD) shelter.
Exit A to Pagoda Street features a pavilion-style transparent roof-structure which provides an unobstructed view of the shophouses and allows natural light into the station.
As Pagoda Street is in a low-lying area vulnerable to flooding, the entrance has a mechanical flood barrier, eliminating the need to elevate the entrance to a level that would obstruct the view of the street.
The new elliptical entrance serving the DTL station reflects the elliptical façade of the nearby Hong Lim Complex.
Not intending to just use recognisable depictions of old Chinatown, Tan wished to capture the enduring and noble spirit of the ancestors, who are depicted in the artwork as helping build modern-day Singapore.
Jeremy Sharma, the artist of Holland Beat at Holland Village station, regarded the work as "original and attractive with a lot of playful humour".
On the other hand, Yek Wong, the artist who created the artwork at one-north station, felt that the work did not quite deliver the concept and suggested it could be more "visually engaging".
The line is the fourth MRT line to be opened, with the first stage (from Bartley to Marymount stations) commencing operations on 28 May 2009 after delays due to the Nicoll Highway collapse.
The next stage to Dhoby Ghaut station was completed on 17 April 2010 and the next stage to Harbourfront opened on 8 October 2011.
The last stage of the line from Harbourfront to Marina Bay will be completed in 2026, completing the loop.
It is also the first medium capacity line in Singapore, with each Circle Line train, the C830 and C830C, having a three-car configuration.
The line, then named the Marina Line, was first announced on 16 October 1997.
The line would serve Marina Centre and the new downtown at Marina South, with multiple branches to Chinatown and Dhoby Ghaut via the National Stadium to either Kallang or Paya Lebar stations.
The line was planned to have 18 stations, with a possible extension to Tanjong Pagar station.
However, due to the high costs and lack of development in Marina South, the Chinatown branch was later removed in November 1999 and the line was reduced to 6 stations from the Dhoby Ghaut to Stadium stations.
On the other hand, a further extension towards Upper Paya Lebar was announced on 28 April 2001.
The Marina Line was eventually merged with a planned LRT line that goes from Paya Lebar to Buona Vista via Serangoon and Bishan to form Circle Line Stage 3 on 20 January 2003, and subsequently Circle Line Stage 4 and 5 on 12 December 2003 when Stage 4 was extended from Buona Vista to World Trade Centre to close up the link and to provide connectivity from the west to Sentosa, becoming the Circle Line.
On 8 August 2001, SMRT won the bid and was appointed the operator of the Circle Line.
Names for the stations for the first three stages of the Circle line were finalised in July 2005 after the Land Transport Authority (LTA) conducted a public consultation exercise on the naming of stations.
Three stations on the Circle Line were initially designed as 'shell stations', but the decision was made to open two of them, Caldecott and Haw Par Villa (previously Thomson and West Coast respectively), leaving Bukit Brown as the only unopened station on the line.
The first section of the line, Stage 3, a 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) five-station segment stretching from Bartley to Marymount, opened on 28 May 2009.
A two-station extension to Marina Bay opened on 14 January 2012.
On 17 January 2013, then-Minister for Transport Lui Tuck Yew announced 'Circle Line Stage 6' which will 'close the circle', set to be completed by 2025.
The 4 km extension will run between Marina Bay and HarbourFront.
The extension will connect commuters between the HarbourFront to Marina Bay stations and expand the rail network to the southern edge of the Central Business District.
On 29 October 2015, LTA announced the station locations for Stage 6, with the working names of the stations being Keppel, Cantonment and Prince Edward.
The Keppel and Cantonment stations kept their names, while Prince Edward station has been changed to 'Prince Edward Road' station.
A joint venture by China State Construction Engineering and Nishimatsu Construction won the contract to build the new Keppel MRT station and its associated tunnels.
Tunnelling works for the CCL6 were completed on 12 January 2022, with a final tunnel breakthrough from Prince Edward Road station into Cantonment station.
The tunnels between Cantonment station and the adjacent Prince Edward Road station were constructed only 6.7 metres (22 ft) below the former Tanjong Pagar Railway Station.
To construct the tunnels to Keppel station, the Keppel viaduct had to be closely monitored while underpinning the viaduct with new micro piles.
This incident occurred near the proposed site of the Nicoll Highway station, not far from the Merdeka Bridge.
A criminal inquiry found the main contractor Nishimatsu Construction Company and joint venture partner firm Lum Chang Construction Company and their officers, as well as key Land Transport Authority officers responsible for the collapse at Nicoll Highway MRT Station.
The shifting of the Nicoll Highway station also meant it can no longer serve as a terminus for the Bukit Timah Line, partially influencing the creation of the current Downtown Line.
Other incidentsOn 16 August 2007, the Building and Construction Authority (BCA) issued a stop-work order and revoked the contractor's tunnelling permit after a 7-metre (23 ft) stretch of two lanes close to the junction of Telok Blangah Road and Alexandra Road sank about 20 centimetres (7.9 in) that evening.
A section of the road above a construction site near Holland Road caved in on the morning of 24 May 2008, creating a hole.
The hole, directly in front of two private houses along Cornwall Gardens, measured 8 by 7 metres and was 3 metres deep.
Line disruptionsOn 20 September 2011, a power fault disrupted train services at all 16 stations on the Circle Line.
It was reported that leaks and a damaged electrical cable along the Circle Line were the cause of the disruption.
Dakota and Mountbatten stations were the last two to resume operations.
The 35.5-kilometre (22.1 mi) Circle line forms an incomplete loop from Dhoby Ghaut in the Central Region of Singapore, north to Serangoon and Bishan, and south to HarbourFront, with a branch from Promenade to Marina Bay station which will be extended to HarbourFront in the future.
The fully-underground circular route also makes several links with the other MRT lines.
The line begins at Dhoby Ghaut station, which has an interchange with the North South and North East lines, going eastwards and paralleling Bras Basah Road and Raffles Boulevard, before joining the Circle line extension at Promenade station, which also interchanges with the Downtown line.
From Promenade station, the line goes northwards and towards the east, passing beneath the Kallang Basin.
Between the Stadium and Dakota stations, the line parallels Stadium Boulevard and Old Airport Road, then the line continues northwards and follows the route of Paya Lebar Road and Upper Paya Lebar Road between the Paya Lebar (which interchanges with the East West line) and Tai Seng stations.
The line curves and continues westwards between the Bartley and Marymount stations, also interchanging with the North East and North South lines at Serangoon and Bishan stations respectively, and then it continues in a general southwest direction between Caldecott and Kent Ridge, the former having an interchange with the Thomson East-Coast Line, passing through Bukit Brown Cemetery between the Caldecott and Botanic Gardens stations.
The line also interchanges with the Downtown line at Botanic Gardens station and the East West line at Buona Vista station.
After Kent Ridge station, the line curves eastwards, paralleling the West Coast Highway and then terminating at HarbourFront station, where it interchanges with the North East line.
From 2026, upon the completion of Stage 6, the Circle line will continue eastwards from Harbourfront, paralleling Keppel Road and Ayer Rajah Expressway, and joins the Circle line extension at Marina Bay station.
The Circle line extension from Marina Bay to Promenade station generally parallels the Downtown line and Bayfront Avenue, also passing underneath Marina Bay Sands at Bayfront station, which it serves and has cross-platform interchange with the Downtown line.
They are stabled at Kim Chuan Depot, which was the world's largest underground depot when it opened in 2009.
24 new Alstom Metropolis C830C trains were delivered to SMRT from end July 2014.
They began operation on 26 June 2015.
Currently, all 24 C830Cs are in revenue service.
The automated CBTC system on board relies on "continuous two-way digital communication" between each controlled train and the control centre.
To facilitate the extension of the line with the construction of Stage 6, a tender for additional trains for the line was published on 31 
A knife-wielding man was shot and arrested by police outside Clementi Neighbourhood Police Centre, said the police in the early hours of Friday (Feb 18).
A video of the incident circulating on social media showed the man crossing the street towards the police centre at Clementi Ave 5 with what appears to be a knife in his hand while police officers point their firearms at him.
According to the police, the attacker had allegedly assaulted a 41-year-old man with a knife along Block 420A Clementi Avenue 1 at about 8.40pm on Thursday.
After the assault, the suspect then boarded a taxi to the Clementi Police Division and stood outside the police station holding the knife.
Heavy rain fell across parts of Singapore on Sunday (Feb 20) afternoon, with photos and videos circulating on WhatsApp showing vehicles damaged by falling trees and branches.
National water agency PUB issued warnings of flood and heavy rain on several occasions, one of which was a flash flood warning for Upper Paya Lebar Road at 4.35pm.
Please avoid the above areas for the next one hour," said PUB in a Facebook post.
The Meteorological Service Singapore (MSS) warned on Twitter of "thundery showers over many areas" in the afternoon.
One video showed that a tree had fallen on an SMRT bus in Sungei Gedong.
SMRT said that a tree branch fell on one of its service 975 revenue buses at about 4.25pm.
Buses were temporarily diverted along Lorong Rusuk towards Lim Chu Kang Road.
The Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) said it received a call for assistance at about 4.55pm.
The Civil Defence Academy is located at Jalan Bahar, and can be reached via Bus Service 172 from Boon Lay Bus Interchange or Choa Chu Kang Bus Interchange.
NParks was "alerted to a snapped trunk of an Angsana tree" along Lim Chu Kang Road at 7.10pm.
SINGAPORE - One-stop community hub One Punggol, which features a host of facilities from a library and a 700-seat hawker centre to childcare and senior care centres, will open in stages from the middle of next year.
Expected to serve around 200,000 residents, the five-storey building is connected to Punggol MRT station, Punggol Town Square, Waterway Point mall, Punggol Waterway Park and residential blocks by walking paths.
Built on a 2.8ha plot, which is the size of about four football fields, One Punggol follows in the steps of two other integrated community hubs - Our Tampines Hub and Heartbeat @ Bedok - that also house multiple community facilities.
Senior Minister of State for Health, and Communications and Information, Dr Janil Puthucheary, who is an MP for Pasir Ris-Punggol GRC, said at the topping-up ceremony yesterday that while construction was delayed because of the pandemic, it is on track to open progressively.
The hub, which is around 80 per cent completed, brings together multiple agencies - including the People's Association, Housing Board and the Ministry of Health - to provide facilities and services under one roof.
Besides offering views of Punggol Town Centre, the rooftop will also feature barbecue pits and a community garden.
The Punggol Regional Library, which will span all five floors, will roll out inclusive spaces, technology, programmes and special collections for all patrons, including people with disabilities.
Since Punggol is a young estate, the childcare centre will provide an estimated 500 pre-school places next year.
The Senior Care Centre will have a full-day care programme for seniors who require supervision while their caregivers are at work.
One Punggol will also host food and beverage establishments and tuition enrichment providers, among other retailers.
Additionally, a one-stop centre to access government agency services, first pioneered at Our Tampines Hub, will be part of the hub by mid-next year.
One person was taken to hospital for burn injuries and smoke inhalation after a fire broke out at a condominium unit in Jurong East on Saturday afternoon (Dec 18).
The Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) said it was alerted to the fire at 6 Gateway Drive at about 1.55pm.
That is the address of J Gateway condominium.
Residents staying on the second floor of Block 220 Jurong East Street 21 were apparently facing quite a stink.
The resident had called the Housing and Development Board more than five times about the matter.
In response to Mothership's queries, the Jurong-Clementi Town Council replied that the blockage was caused by "poor usage" of the chute as a result of higher-floor units discarding over-sized items, such as cardboard and Styrofoam boxes.
Block 220 Jurong East Street 21 is installed with pneumatic vacuum waste collection system.
Bigger Build-To-Order (BTO) flats in the non-mature estates of Hougang and Jurong East were more oversubscribed than those in mature estates in the Housing Board's third sales exercise of the year.
Home seekers made a beeline for the four-room flats in Hougang, which saw one of the largest number of applicants for a non-mature estate in recent years.
There were 459 such flats on offer across two projects - Hougang Citrine and Kovan Wellspring - which attracted 10,602 applicants as at 5pm on Tuesday (Aug 17).
The 102 five-room flats in Hougang Citrine saw few applicants compared with the four-room units, although only one in more than six will get a unit.
In Jurong East, more than 11 first-time applicants will compete for each of the 240 four-room units.
In comparison, competition is less stiff in the mature estates of Kallang/Whampoa, Queenstown and Tampines.
At Towner Residences in Kallang/Whampoa, more than five first-time applicants will be vying for each of the 226 four-room flats, the largest flat type available in the project.
At Queen's Arc in Queenstown, close to five first-time applicants will be competing for each of the 534 four-room flats, despite the project having the longest wait time of more than five years.
Tampines drew comparatively fewer applicants, with more than two first-time applicants vying for each of the 881 five-room flats on offer at Tampines GreenQuartz and Tampines GreenJade.
The locations of both Hougang BTO projects are also key draws, said Ms Christine Sun, senior vice-president of research and analytics at OrangeTee & Tie.
Kovan Wellspring, which sits next to Kovan MRT station on the North-East Line, is particularly attractive as it is competitively priced compared with a private condominium.
Goh Ze Lin, 37, was in a toilet cubicle in HarbourFront Centre at the time.
Goh, then a corporal, was deployed alone at the OCBC Bank branch in the shopping centre on the morning of Jan 8, 2021.
At about 11.50am, he contacted the Certis Command Centre and informed an operations manager that he had discharged the gun inside a toilet.
The police's Force Armament Branch also examined the gun and found that Goh had deliberately pulled the revolver with sufficient pressure or cocked the hammer to discharge the live round.
An Institute of Mental Health doctor found that the Goh had a "transient situational reaction", and did not diagnose him with any mental disorder.
They also said significant mitigating weight could be given for his cooperation in alerting Certis CISCO almost immediately, and remaining at the scene.
A video of the strange occurrence spotted over Ibis Hotel and its immediate surroundings were posted on the Supernatural Confessions Facebook page on March 5, where it had been shared by Yenni Teh and CK Tan.
Strange sightings in the sky over Bugis, Singapore.
One netizen said they had seen the same thing sometime back at Punggol Sumang area.
Another netizen said her husband saw something similar on Thursday evening near Hougang Mall.
He allegedly murdered his wife at about 7.40am on Jan 11 in a second-floor flat at Block 228B, Ang Mo Kio Street 23.
I find this behaviour unacceptable. Happpend at 470C Upper Serangoon Crescent lift. Someone left behind a box of rubbish and expect someone to clean the backside for him/her.
Just went Sukiya Suntec for Lunch. My boy walked faster to queue up, he was in the queue already, but a woman just cut queue in front of him.
Even watermelon prices are going up. At Block 51 Havelock Road coffeeshop.
Romp of otters spotted crossing the road beside The Istana with police officers helping to control the traffic.
Van changing lane abruptly without signalling and due care for other road users along Woodlands Avenue 3.
Had Bak Chor Mee at Pasir Ris West Plaza today. I felt shortchanged with the presentation and amount of food. It used to have more and come with greens.
Location: Sembawang MRT Moji Bakery. Buy take away Milo Ice at 8:15am. There was baby cockroach in my drink. When saw make me run in toilet vomit. Staff never apologise!
Social issue request for social assistance from social media. Location: 63 Kallang Bahru, Level 12.
On March 6th, passed by new Heavenly Wang at Bukit Batok Hometeamns.
Bought 2 cheese prata with curry. To my shock I found scotch tape in the curry. Purchased it at Al-Hadheerah Restaurant at Toa Payoh HDB HUB Basement.
Unknown red Mitsubishi car failed to conform to traffic red light signal and almost hit 2 pedestrians and a biker at the junction of Queensway and Commonwealth Drive.
Person at Blk 297 Choa Chu Kang Avenue 2 on his video / radio so loud from 9pm to 11pm.
Adorable otter spotted chilling out at a grass patch area within Serangoon Park Connector along Hougang Ave 7.
Sambar deer spotted crossing the road along Mandai Road, nearby to Mandai Crematorium area.
Heavy vehicle caught by this flooding and Rescue the Truck Driver at Cemetery Central St 25.
This stall at Hillion Mall did not provide me with a receipt plus HPB QR Code even though I ordered a healthy meal which consisted of Brown Rice and 2 servings of vegetables (long beans and Kai-Lan).
We had a horrible and disturbing experience at this dental clinic - Vincent's Dental Surgery at Tanjong Katong yesterday. Full address is 245 Tanjong Katong Rd.
Yesterday evening I ordered Ajisen ramen from BUKIT PANJANG PLAZA.
Unknown SUV drove fast along AYE and crossed over double while lines to exit into Clementi Ave 6.
Car anyhow park, block my way, this happen in fernvale link 791418
Did gel polish on at a neighborhood nail parlor located at 291 Yishun Street 22. The gel polish didn't last for longer than a week.
While eating my ramen at Ajisen @ Punggol Waterway Point, then found a price tag ticket inside my bowl. 
Bought laksa from hawker centre at Tekka Market. No clams very disappointing.
Charged $0.50 for takeaway. Restaurant is called Fish & Chicks at Blk 168 Punggol Field.
Heavy rain on Wednesday afternoon resulted in flooding along TPE near the Pasir Ris Drive 12 exit.
Wanted to take Bus 851 outside KK Hospital. I reached the bus but driver closed the door and sped off.
I was advised to visit Central 24-HR Clinic Pasir Ris as the polyclinic was not accepting any more patients for the day.
Complaint about coffeeshop hawker stall at Block 291 Yishun.
Bird crowd around leftover food on table at Sengkang Square, very dirty and disgusting.
Sheltered walkway at 7 Boon Keng Road damaged by lorry.
The Singapore Food Agency (SFA) will be suspending the licence of KFC, the food shop at 681 Punggol Drive Singapore 820681 (Oasis Terraces), under the Points Demerit System.
The food I bought from economic rice stall at Block 618 Yishun Street 61 caused my mum to have food poisoning.
I booked Grab Express to deliver fengshui bracelets to my house at 23 Kovan Road.
Terrible tasting teochew noodle at Blk 888 Woodlands Dr coffee shop.
Man singing at void deck of Blk 3 Jalan Bukit Merah, very loud.
Wild boars spotted mingling with public at The Rail Mall, along Upper Bukit Timah Road, nearby to Hillview estate.
Happened today at 3.50pm at Blk 139A Toa Payoh. Taxi driver refused to give way even though I have the right of way and there were many cars behind me.
My kids and myself were walking towards Best Coffeeshop Pte Ltd located at Blk 959 Jurong West St 92 to buy lunch.
Power Failure at Compassvale Crescent.
Was waiting at bus stop outside 496F Tampines. Bus driver rejected request to let my wheelchair-bound mum board.
Malaysia-registered motorcycle performed an illegal u-turn and drove up a pavement beside Foodclique coffeeshop at Block 292 Bukit Batok East Ave 6.
Expired product being sold by Giant at Sunshine Place.
EPS Gantry recently installed at 3 points near my block at 183C Rivervale. But design of gantry is poor, vehicle can still park at the bin centre and loading area to avoid paying charges.
BMW driver left car with engine running and parked at a sheltered alighting point, causing obstructon to other road users beside Fairprice at Blk 192 Toa Payoh Lorong 4.
Patronised Fun Toast at UE Bizhub at 7:30am.
Latest sightings of wild boar roaming around Blk 482 Segar Road HDB estate area.
The suspected crime of passion occurred at Block 341B Sembawang Close on March 6 at around 7:30pm.
A woman recently shared details of her run-in with an man who took upskirt footage of her at Harbourfront MRT station.
Goh Ze Lin, a 37-year-old Malaysian, was jailed for nine weeks for discharging a gun while sitting on a toilet bowl to relieve himself in HarbourFront Centre, where he was working as a Certis Cisco security officer at the OCBC branch there, according to CNA, Straits Times, and Yahoo News.
Yishun Park closed off as NParks officers look for wild boar who ran into pedestrian at Khatib Central. 
The authorities are now searching for the wild boar who knocked down a woman at an open-air plaza in Yishun. 
The incident has caused some public concern as the plaza near Blk 844 Yishun Street 81 is usually crowded, and wild animals would usually shy away from crowded places.
In addition, since the Kebun Bahru area is currently seeing development with the opening of Mayflower MRT on the Thomson-East Coast Line within walking distance, we’re going to hazard a guess that the plot beside the upcoming Kebun Bahru Edge BTO site could just be the one.
It’s an excellent spot that’s close to the Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park as well as schools in the area that include Mayflower Secondary, Peirce Secondary, Eunoia Junior College, CHIJ St Nicholas Girls’ School and so on. 
It’s also pretty close to Lower Peirce Reservoir, which connects to Windsor Nature Park that connects all the way to MacRitchie Nature Park and the whole central water catchment area.
Seeing that the mature estate of Bukit Merah is more spacious than we thought (two project sites were announced for the May 2022 HDB BTO exercise), let’s look at two possible locations for this development of 3- and 4-room flats.
Our first pick would be this plot along Havelock Road, which is close to the Havelock Road Cooked Food Centre and relatively close to Tiong Bahru Plaza via a short bus ride away. 
It’s also a stone’s throw away from the scenic Singapore River and Singapore’s Central Area (you can easily see the riverfront hotels from your window).
There’s an equally possible premium plot for flats in the Bukit Merah area, super close to the Alexandra Park Connector for fitness buffs and also near the meandering Singapore River. 
It’s also quite close to Great World City, and as a result, Zion Riverside Food Centre. 
You can even walk to Orchard Road up from Kim Seng Road should you wish.
Then again, we still have the news announced by HDB on 15 December, that the Prince Phillip Avenue site (which we guessed for the May 2022 HDB BTO launch but were proven wrong) would be redeveloped, with around 1,500 BTO flats to be built.
Thus, we predict that it just might be this 3.9 gross plot ratio area beside the upcoming Keat Hong Verge BTO flats.
It’s walking distance to Keat Hong LRT station, with amenities in the area that include a market at Blk 253, ITE College West, Keat Hong Community Club, Keat Hong Shopping Centre and a slew of schools.
Lo and behold, there seems to be a modest plot of land directly beside Chinese Gardens MRT. 
With a gross plot ratio of 3.5, it should be relatively tall with gorgeous views of the Chinese Gardens picturesque lake (oops, sorry Parc Oasis residents!).
Living in this CBD of the West is surely a boon, what with a slew of major shopping malls in Jurong East town centre (Westgate, JEM, JCube, IMM), many eateries and hawker centres… Jurong East even houses a hotel!
It’s even walking distance to the hip and happening Holland Village enclave, and the classy and chill Rochester Park.
Woodlands used to feel like the boondocks, where phone signals would randomly migrate overseas temporarily, causing our phone bills to jump.
Also, these days, with the Thomson-East Coast Line, Woodlands has become an interchange that can connect commuters to other parts of the island, much quicker than before.
We’re excited about the connection to Johor Bahru as well, via Woodlands North MRT Station, which is slated to open by end 2026.
For now, it seems unlikely that there will be properties coming up along the Woodlands Waterfront.
It’s possible that the new flats will come up beside Marsiling Grove. 
It’s walking distance to Marsiling MRT station, with schools such as Marsiling Primary/Secondary and Woodlands Secondary close by. 
Plus, there’s a nice patch of green with Marsiling Park to the west.
The elderly couple, Mr Omar Manan and his wife Mdm Asmah Bujang, had lived in the three-room flat at Block 120 Ho Ching Road since the 1970s.
This restaurant outlet in VivoCity yesterday had really disappoint me.
Rising electricity prices have proved to be the last straw for Pin Si Restaurant in Safra Yishun club, after it had been grappling with manpower shortages since the start of the Covid-19 pandemic. 
At Indian-Muslim restaurant chain Al Falah Barakah, business partner Mohamad Ali, 57, said that he is considering shortening operating hours at the chain’s 24-hour outlet at 363 Joo Chiat Road after the restaurant’s electricity bills rose more than 50 per cent over the past three months. 
The long-term future of Mandai Executive Golf Course - one of three public golf courses here - is up in the air, with plans for the site under review.
In 2014, the Ministry of Law said Keppel Club's lease will not be extended beyond Dec 31, and Marina Bay Golf Course's lease will not be extended beyond July 2024.
The National Trades Union Congress (NTUC) will not take up the offer to manage Singapore Island Country Club's (SICC) Sime Golf Course as a public golf course owing to financial considerations, the Ministry of Law and Ministry of Culture, Community and Youth said in a joint statement on Wednesday (Oct 7).
The site, located along Prince Charles Crescent, Alexandra Canal and Alexandra Road, is largely unused, except for the Alexandra post office. 
For example, he noted that it is only a 10-minute drive to the Central Business District and the prime Orchard Road shopping belt.
However, he does not think that it will come under the PLH model since it is not located in the city centre or in the Greater Southern Waterfront precinct.
The Greater Southern Waterfront refers to a 30km stretch of coastline at the south of Singapore, stretching from the Gardens by the Bay East area to Pasir Panjang, which will include public housing projects. 
Mr Lee noted that the distance between this site and Keppel Club, which is situated at the Greater Southern Waterfront, is 2.6km, and there are many HDB flats that could be built on empty plots of land within this area that encompasses Telok Blangah, Henderson and Bukit Merah.
Resale prices of HDB flats at CityVue@Henderson, which is about 800m from the Alexandra Road site, are between S$620,000 and S$1.26 million. 
However, given that the Government had earlier stated that PLH flats would apply to those in the Greater Southern Waterfront, the city centre as well as the towns surrounding it, to incorporate HDB flats on this Alexandra Road site as part of the scheme will open the dam for a huge number of future public flats to also qualify.
Plans to develop the Changi region focus on three areas – Changi Aviation Park, Changi City and Changi Airport Terminal 5.
The existing Changi Aviation Park will be expanded with the development of Changi East Industrial Zone, providing a home for new aviation-related sectors and businesses. The expansion of cargo facilities will allow Changi’s handling capabilities to increase to three million to 5.4 million tonnes a year when the project is completed.
A new waterfront district is being explored in the south of the airport. It has the potential to provide “fly-ferry” linkages for tourists between Terminal 5 and Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal.
Freight transport and aviation-related organisations may also conduct research and development in Changi Business Park, leveraging expertise from the Singapore University of Technology and Design.
The 2,000ha area – twice the size of Punggol – includes prime land that will be freed up when port operator PSA’s terminals at Tanjong Pagar, Keppel and Brani move to Tuas by 2027, as well as Pasir Panjang terminal by 2040.
It will also feature community sports facilities, such as a swimming pool and a water sports centre, as well as a new waterfront promenade that will improve pedestrian connectivity in the area, forming a loop around Marina Bay.
The upcoming Founders’ Memorial will be located in a 5ha site in Bay East Garden.
Construction work for the memorial will begin in 2022. It will be served by the upcoming Founders’ Memorial MRT station on the Thomson-East Coast Line.
A new town will take the place of the current Paya Lebar Air Base, when its assets are relocated to Tengah in the 2030s.
The 50ha digital district will house key industries of the digital economy, such as cyber-security and digital technology firms, and incorporate a JTC Corporation business park and the Singapore Institute of Technology’s new campus.
The 800m-long Campus Boulevard is a pedestrianised street between the future Singapore Institute of Technology campus and JTC’s business park buildings. 
It provides a direct connection from Punggol Coast MRT station to various developments in Punggol Digital District and the waterfront.
By the end of 2021, much of the Rail Corridor will be open, with Kranji MRT station connected to Spooner Road.
Upgrading of historic landmarks such as the Bukit Timah Railway Station and the Railway Station Staff Quarters is set to be completed in 2022. 
The former Tanjong Pagar Railway station will also be linked to the upcoming Cantonment MRT station on the Circle Line in 2025.
In Woodlands Central, new mixed-use developments will be built, with residential, office and retail components that are connected to Woodlands MRT station on the Thomson-East Coast Line.
A new pedestrian thoroughfare will also connect Woodlands Central to Woodlands North Coast.
The waterfront precinct of Woodlands North Coast will feature new homes, and new job opportunities will be created.
Jurong Lake District will have more than 100ha of parks and greenery, as well as a 70ha lake with a 17km-long waterfront.
Bought a pack of 6 Fragrant Pears from FairPrice at 279 Bishan Street 24 this morning. 
$4.80 for this hotplate chicken..where the hotplate? price kind of too much for this standard. totally different from photo illustrated. Blk 5058 Ang Mo Kio Industrial Park 2
Very angry, Sim Lim Square - TV box scam again?
I wished to compliment a staff from Tampines Mart 7-11 by the name of Cherie.
Join us in-person to meet your young adult neighbours and connect over insightful conversations at Common Ground, 21 Bedok North St 1.
The closed-door dialogue will take place on Tue, 15 March 2022, 7.30pm-9pm at the NUS Shaw Foundation Alumni House and via Zoom in a hybrid session.
There is the spacious lawn in front of the Victoria Concert Hall that was expanded by realigning part of Fullerton Road, with benches located long the adjacent tree-lined pavement to provide comfortable spots to take a breather.
Partnering the Kampong Gelam Alliance to rejuvenate the Kampong Gelam district with the community.
This pedestrian underpass opened a few months ago and provides a convenient and comfortable connection between City Hall MRT and Funan. 
This is one way we use underground space to enhance connectivity between transport nodes and surrounding developments in areas with high pedestrian traffic, such as the Civic District, Orchard Road and Central Business District.
We took the first step to conserve and restore 32 dilapidated shophouses in Tanjong Pagar to demonstrate the value of conserving entire districts. 
This new eco-playground is located at the Discover Tanjong Pagar Community Green (in front of Guoco Tower and Orchid Hotel), and is the fruit of a partnership between Discover Tanjong Pagar and furniture company Roger&Sons.
Syed Alwi Road has been described as an 'architectural feast' of shophouses!
Wish the same could be done for Liang Seah Street, Hamilton road, or Mosque street. Better still, close one or two roads in Little India or Arab street to become a food street.
They're bringing the festive cheer to public spaces such as Raffles Place Park and around buildings including Clifford Centre, One Raffles Place and Ocean Financial Centre.
There are many of these "handicapped" PMD around Woodlands and Admiralty area.
LTA please visit Sembawang areas - you can catch under 16's using PMD.
We’re one step closer to making Cross Island Line 1 (CRL1) a reality with the award of contracts for the design and construction of two more stations – Defu and Tampines North! 
Since Sengkang and Punggol are neighborhood, it would be great if LRT for both town are Linked so commuter no need to change to MRT
Sumang lane will have LRT ? It's really inconvenient to travel to other parts of punggol.
LTA can you remove all gum spots around Punggol and Sengkang MRT station? Especially outside Punggol MRT and Punggol Bus Interchange, the floor is littered with gum spots.
Beautiful works projected on Fullerton and Merlion! However, the projection seems to be down at ArtScience Museum?
If you're in the vicinity of 30 Temple St, just look out for an uncle pouring tea out of a giant teapot from the third storey.
Turn off Hill St onto Coleman St, and you'll be greeted by a string of historic buildings leading up to Fort Canning Park. 
From the iconic Central Fire Station, a national monument, all the way up to Canning Rise where you can find the National Archives, each one boasts a distinctive architectural style and innovative adaptations to fit modern uses.
Nestled among the modern skyscrapers in our CBD is the Yueh Hai Ching Temple. 
New condos which are popping up, with their non-regulated facades, are changing the character of Joo Chiat.
I have just done the application for a two room flexi. Keeping my fingers crossed as I like Dakota Crescent.
Similarly, Dr Elly Sabrina, a GP in Woodlands, said that detecting abnormalities with a patient she is already familiar with is much easier.
Camping sites located on Lazarus Island and Pulau Hantu Besar will reopen on March 29, said HDB.
Tragic - old mahogany tree at Ang Mo Kio Avenue 6 torn down this morning to make way for road-widening.
I've seen Bukit Timah Road have all its trees chopped down twice, first in the early 1980s and again in I think the early 2000s. It's as covered as ever now.
The trees that I walked to on my way to school along Depot Road haven't been cut down and 27 years later, when biking up and down that stretch, I cursed at how many times I nearly came off the bike while going downhill at speed.
Living in Punggol for almost 9 years. My only complains is the noise pollution and dense housing now.
I grew up in Bishan, went to the schools in Bishan and lived here all my life. My friends were all from the same neighbourhood too. And when we bought our properties , legit none of us could move out of Bishan because the location, amenities and convenience are just too good.
A five-room HDB flat in Bishan was just sold for S$1.36 million, making it the most expensive HDB resale flat sold. The unit is in a DBSS project called Natura Loft, which has seen several million-dollar transactions over the years.
Measuring 1,292 sq ft, the sale price translates to S$1,052.63 psf. The unit is located on the 37th floor at Block 273B Bishan Street 24.
One notable aspect of Natura Loft is that it’s just around a two-minute walk from Catholic High School, one of the popular schools located in Bishan.
A bit too early for this on a weekend. Block 112 Bishan basketball court. We encourage you to throw your garbage in the bins, there's one in every corner.
Beach at Pasir Ris Park is disgusting, full of trash.
Skyville @ Dawson and Skyterraces @ Dawson both completed their 5 year MOP and have been on the resale market since end of 2019.
Yishun is developing rapidly and is now a beautiful residential estate.
Yishun has so many amenities and facilities now. It's huge Nature park and other parks like Sembawang Hot Springs, Khatib Bongsu mangrove are also a plus point.
This shop at 269 Queen Street, the queue always long, because the cook always takes his own sweet time to cook.
Had his normal mee hoon kueh noodle at Telok Blangah Crescent, will not return.
A new polyclinic will open in Taman Jurong by 2028, said Senior Minister of State for Health Janil Puthucheary in Parliament on Mar. 9.
Currently, there are two polyclinics in the area, Jurong Polyclinic and Pioneer Polyclinic.
Additionally, the minister said redevelopments will commence for Queenstown Polyclinic.
A new polyclinic in Sembawang is slated to open by this year, while six others in Kaki Bukit, Khatib, Serangoon, Tampines North, Tengah and Yew Tee will open by 2026, according to ST.
There will be two more polyclinics in Bidadari and Bishan and a new and larger facility in Tiong Bahru by 2030.
It was announced previously in 2021 that Bukit Merah Polyclinic and Outram Polyclinic will be consolidated into the new Tiong Bahru Polyclinic.
Not going to miss the shop. Very pricy, just not worth the price. Recommend the one near Siglap Centre. Very authentic Ampang YTF.
Actually yong tau foo sold in some wet markets are much better, can try the ones at 216 Bedok market.
What happen to one at Jurong West near Pioneer Mall.
A man in Singapore, who was either mischievous or envious or both, used his key to scratch a Tesla parked at a car park in Clementi.
Video of severed leg at Blk 37 Margaret Drive is real, police confirms, man, 31, found dead.
Some were hit by vehicle while crossing the highway…I saw once at TPE near Sengkang.
Easily spotted a family of 4 sambar deers in Mandai forest during one of my night hiking in 2019. Then again in 2020 Dec in the Ulu Sembawang PCN area we spotted a mama deer with its baby deer rummaging for food across the canal.
In her Facebook post, Chai said that that the kitten was found at a wet market in Tampines Street 81.
An anonymous member of our COMPLAINT SINGAPORE Facebook group sent us videos showing a group of young people congregating at Blk 53 and 54 Lengkok Bahru open carpark area on 29 November 2021.
His neighbour was pouring unknown fluid down from his HDB unit at Blk 612B Punggol Drive, Singapore 822612 – Damai Grove estate.
Hair-like item found inside a Belgium Chocolate Bun purchased from a “Swee Heng Bakery” branch at Choa Chu Kang Bus Interchange, #01-04.
Lady vaping on MRT train after train left Outram Park station.
Steamed buns bought from “Jian Bo” outlet located at the coffeeshop of Block 444 Pasir Ris Drive 6, #01-102, Singapore 510444 contained rotten meat.
Authorities were sent photographs of a group of people infringing recent enhanced COVID-19 measures in Singapore, by hanging outside and chatting loudly, playing card games and drinking beverages at the link bridge connecting between Blk 478A and 478B Yishun Street 44 on 22 May 2021 at about 10.30pm.
Coffeeshop tables encroaching onto public walkway at Blk 121 Houngang Ave 1.
An online user posted a Facebook complaint about Blk 682 Hougang St 61 Broadway Coffeeshop, where she spotted one female staff washing the floor mop inside a washing basin area.
According to source, the location of the incident is at 8 Jalan Kukoh, on 26 Sept 2020 at about 10.30pm. 
Since 2018 at the void deck area of Blk 344 Clementi Avenue 5, right next to a staircase area, there are always rubbish left on the public sitting area, and dirtied wall are spotted nearby too.
Taxi travelling along CENTRAL BOULEVARD, stopped abruptly to make a last minute turn towards Marina View near ONE RAFFLES QUAY / THE SAIL.
Motor car keeps on parking at same loading bay lot near Blk 215A Compassvale Drive.
2 unknown kids playing with fire nearby Blk 44 Sims Drive on 7 June 2020.
There is an interesting sight at a temporary booth located at Boon Lay Place Market and Food Village, Blk 221A Boon Lay Place.
A Facebook user posted she found a little girl crying alone outside Coronation Shopping Plaza yesterday (located at Bukit Timah).
A female driver is appealing for eye-witness or any recording of a case of hit and run accident on 13 Jan 2020 at about 5.30pm to around 8.30pm at Blk 3 Toh Yi Drive open carpark area.
A driver of a black colour Mazda 3 found his vehicle was damaged at the carpark of Bras Basah Complex.
An angry Facebook user reported a case of a cut sustained (on the face) by her 14 year old niece at the latest attraction - Mirror Maze, located at Jewel Changi Airport.
An angry couple who work as courier forwarded their Facebook post of an incident with a staff of a store at Hougang Green.
18 persons were reported having gastroenteritis symptoms after consuming food provided by “Delizio Catering” located at 5 Burn Road, #03-01, Tee Yih Jia Food Building, Singapore 369972 on 12 December 2018.
Naked man doing indecent acts at playground near Blk 364A Sembawang Crescent photographed by passer-by.
I will like to share my bad experience with cheating fishmoner at Rivervale Plaza Wet Market.
Buses always illegally park at Lorong 31 Geylang, not the first time happening!
Long complaint made about an unethical beauty centre at The Bencoolen building along Bencoolen Street.
Yesterday, Singapore’s popular Mandarin Newspaper reported a news article about a particular Pandan Garden 4-room HDB flat being rented out illegally to 24 tenants!
Annoyed that a house in their neighbourhood was being used for short-term rentals, close to 40 Sembawang residents submitted a petition asking for the authorities to take action against the home's owner.
The house in question is a four-storey corner terraced house, located at Penaga Place in Sembawang.
The small exercise area is built next to Block 25, a multi purpose hall where funerals are staged.
It would be very heartwarming if the specimen shown may either be a cutting or the offspring of the same plant we brought to Botanic Gardens all those years back before this plant was readily available to the public.
Dr Ho Hua Chew of Nature Society (Singapore) flagged several areas requiring eco-bridges: These include across Upper Thomson Road, between Thomson Nature Park and the forest patch north of Tagore Drive, and also across Mandai Road between the Central Catchment Nature Reserve and its sliced-off patch to the north of the road. 
He also recommended that two major eco-links be installed, with one at the Kranji Expressway between Tengah forest and the areas around Old Chua Chu Kang Road and another linking up Tengah forest to Bukit Gombak across two roads there.
About 300 nurses who are undergoing advanced training at Nanyang Polytechnic (NYP) have been called to return to their hospitals for two weeks from March 7.
There are observatories (with huge telescopes) on Mainland Singapore despite the poor light pollution as well! See: Galaxy Community Centre (near admiralty mrt) and Science Centre.
Your best bet would be Lim Chu Kang cemetery, as there are no local lights for almost a kilometre around.
Other than that, the 2nd best places to stargaze after Ubin & LCK are probably Labrador Park, some areas of East Coast Park or West Coast Park, which faces southwards and away from the light pollution from SG & Malaysia.
3rd best places are Punggol Park, Changi Village & Sembawang Park, because although there's less light pollution nearby, these parks' skies are facing the Malaysian border, which is also filled with plenty of light pollution.
A group of young people were seen congregating at Blk 54 Lengkok Bahru open carpark area on 29 Nov 2021.
Located in within the residential area of 1 Binjai Park, Beng’s Bak Kut Teh is frequented by many regulars who come flocking for piping-hot bowls of peppery, Teochew-style bak kut teh. 
The current Civil Defence Academy (CDA) at Jalan Bahar was established in 1999.
Prior to that, the old Civil Defence Camp was located at Jurong West Avenue 5.
The Hokkien Mee shop is located here - exact address is 9 Jurong West Avenue 5.
Launched by Ah Girls Go Army actress Debra Loi, Singapore Crawfish Ramen in Shenton Food Hall claims to be the first crawfish ramen in Singapore. The food hall is located inside Shenton House.
Having first started out as an online store, Breakfast Grill has converted to a brick-and-mortar store at 380 East Coast Road. Nearby neighbourhoods include Telok Kurau and Marine Parade.
Hidden in the basement of Berseh Food Centre, Epok Epok Story is an underrated gem!
Head to Lagoon Chicken Curry Puff at East Coast Lagoon Food Village then!
The duo has been at Sembawang Hills Food Centre for over a decade.
Located in Eunos Crescent Market Food Centre, the stall, which first started out as a pushcart over 30 years ago, is one of the longest-operating in the food centre.
Despite the stall being remotely tucked away behind the main shopping street in Potong Pasir, it receives a constant stream of customers.
The stall is run by Encik Ismail Salim and his wife Cik Hamidah Ahmad, and has been at Circuit Road since 2017.
Sitting in the basement of Golden Mile Tower, Er Jie Curry Puff sells fresh handmade curry puffs that are exceptionally popular with the office crowd in the area.
MakanBoleh is a family-run business with a loyal following at Seah Im Food Centre.
Another Michelin Bib Gourmand winner is Rolina Traditional Hainanese Curry Puff in Tanjong Pagar Food Centre.
Singapore’s first garden-in-a-hotel, PARKROYAL COLLECTION Marina Bay, has partnered exclusively with Club Med to launch the “Body and Soul” wellness staycation package.
Tucked in the corner of a row of eateries along Jalan Riang, is Babba, a Peranakan-influenced eatery with a dual concept.
Handmade Noodles With Fiery Chilli at Geylang Bahru
The shop, located at 593 Havelock Road, provides an elevated shopping and dining experience as compared to your Korean mart.
Bedok man gets water poured on him by neighbour upstairs after repeatedly smoking outside his window.
A cyclist was injured after he was hit by a car along the junction of Bukit Batok East Avenue 2 and Avenue 5 last Wednesday.
Folks who know of Tony Cafe, the caifan eatery in The Adelphi, and their wildly popular chicken wings will be happy to know that they can now get their fill of deep-fried chicken wings and honey chicken wings with chicken rice in a canteen in Fragrance Empire Building in Alexandra.
I’ve always had fond memories of Bukit Merah Central (the now-defunct Bukit Merah Public Library was my weekend getaway when I was a child).
Ahirrudin left his Hougang flat and cycled to the Sungei Serangoon Park Connector to pick pandan leaves for cooking.
The iconic Chong Pang City was established in the 1980s as Yishun’s first neighbourhood centre
Yishun was one of the first towns to undergo the Remaking Our Heartlands (ROH) programme, which is a comprehensive town-wide rejuvenation initiative.
Valley Spring @ Yishun, is the first public housing project to be built using Prefabricated Prefinished Volumetric Construction (PPVC) where PPVC is a technology that improves construction productivity.
Senja Heights and Senja Ridges BTO projects delivered ahead of projected timelines.
In November 2021, we sought public feedback on plans to develop public housing in the Mount Pleasant area, largely on the Old Police Academy (OPA) site.
Check out SkyParc @ Dawson - one of the greenest precincts.
Tengah and Yishun are great choices if you’re looking for a home that caters to your physical, mental, and social wellness.
Miltonia Close has been largely zoned for residential development in URA’s Master Plan since 2003.
Through our engagement and with feedback received from Nature Groups, we are studying how we could retain the proposed core conservation area, to possibly form an extension of Admiralty Park, as part of the plans.
Over the past 10 years, Clementi resident Philip Sobrielo has spruced up his home and neighbourhood for the holidays.
In transforming the heartland into more vibrant living spaces, Ang Mo Kio, Bukit Merah, Choa Chu Kang, and Queenstown are the latest towns selected for the Remaking Our Heartland (ROH) programme, to undergo rejuvenation works. 
Did you know that the iconic picture-perfect pastel housing blocks are located in Hougang?
An affordable yet delicious snack, these fresh buns are a must-have when you visit Fengshan Market.
Four more cases were added to the Changi Airport Terminal 3 cluster, bringing the total cases there to 78.
Currently, people have to change at Bishan, then at Paya Lebar, then at Tanah Merah just to reach Expo station. You have to try this route to know how LonG it takes.
They might even run the Punggol to Changi Village branch as a separate line on its own.
The first phase will kick off on 3 Apr 2022, where part of Senja Road and Senja Link will be converted into a one-way road.
What seems to provoke the most grumbling is the lack of a connection between Rochor and Jalan Besar.
But it may not be the only one — the lack of an interchange between Bras Basah and Bencoolen stations may also suppress passenger numbers by reducing the connections available along the line, and apart from cost, deep stations in general pose an additional access penalty with both long escalators and changes of escalators required.
Before Contract 921 showed up, the Rochor Canal ran between Sungei Road and Rochor Canal Road - where today there’s a big green patch. In principle it might have been easy, that the station could simply be built under the canal. There are already several examples, such as the portion of the KPE running under the Kallang River.
The other missed interchange is at Bras Basah and Bencoolen. This fares slightly better considering that SMU provides a high-level connection between both stations; but again, depth is its undoing.
Alternatively, they could dig below Lazada One, but that might be a lot more troublesome compared to sticking to the roads.
Secondly, while the Dhoby Ghaut branch of the Circle Line currently has lower passenger traffic, there may be a chance that the branch can be joined to a separate line, which might justify the interchange facility being built in order to connect to this new line and the accesses it provides.
The strongest one I’m looking at would be at the stretch of Jalan Bukit Merah from Kampong Bahru to Queensway, perhaps extending the line through one-north to the MRT station there, or a short stretch up the rail corridor to Tanglin Halt and Buona Vista, dusting off some of the old Buona Vista LRT plans from the 1990s. 
There’s plenty of space around Portsdown Avenue for one, with the undeveloped area around the back of Alexandra Hospital.
Man, 41, at Blk 802 French Road coffeeshop tased by police after trying to fight like Ip Man
A wide angle view of Blk 497 Tampines Street 45
Temporary store closure at Sheng Shiong 440 Bukit Batok.
15-year-old girl missing for a week, last seen at Blk 121A Edgedale Plains
Car keyed at Blk 642 Punggol Drive multi storey carpark.
They are selling Hottis snacks at 224A Punggol.
Big ceiling Fan hit ladder and collapse at Tampines Blk 201D.
All residents at Pasir Ris Blk 559 to undergo swab test.
Wondering if anyone staying at Sea Horizon Condo - Pasir Ris opposite Pasir Ris Dr 6 Blk 479 that has a black kitty?
Traffic marshall says 'No', but Volkswagen insists on illegal left turn at Henry Park Primary School exit
This was despite the recent brouhaha involving a Bentley driver who tried to get his way regardless of the safety of others by cutting queue to enter Red Swastika School.
NUS Student Reportedly Passes Away After Fall At Prince George’s Park Residences, Police Investigating
The buildings in the National University of Singapore campus at Kent Ridge are all linear to prevent the incidental formation of "large quadrangles" where students could gather/congregate (unlike the same quads found in the Bukit Timah campus). The building of UTown and its large green space in 2011 would appear to break from this convention.
The Vietnamese refugee camp was located at 25 Hawkins Road in Sembawang.
If you don't mind the travel time the food court at Marin Square is a good place to sit and study.
Bishan Community Centre has study rooms as well.
Residents can also go for a jog at the nearby Yishun Pond.
A 43-year-old worker at a Build-To-Order (BTO) project worksite in Hougang Avenue 3 died on Saturday (March 12) after he was struck by a falling steel plate while in an excavated trench.
The Straits Times understands that the accident took place at the site of the upcoming Hougang Olive BTO project in Hougang Avenue 3.
Among the more than 30 areas under PUB’s Active, Beautiful, Clean Waters sites and reservoir parks that will fall under the new rules are the Lorong Halus Wetland, the Pang Sua canal fishing deck in Yew Tee and the MacRitchie Reservoir Park.
Smoking will also be prohibited at all city, coastal and regional parks managed by NParks. Among the 51 parks are Raffles Place Park, Coney Island Park and Woodlands Waterfront Park.
Ten recreational beaches will also be on the list. They are located at Changi, East and West Coast, Sembawang, Pasir Ris, Coney Island, Punggol and Sentosa’s Siloso, Palawan and Tanjong beaches.
On Feb 23, the driver of a forklift at the site of a BTO project in Tampines North died after he was thrown out of the vehicle, which had toppled on its side. 
The worker was unconscious when taken to Changi General Hospital, where he died of his injuries.
A new SAFRA clubhouse to open in Choa Chu Kang in 2022 will offer a "fitness oasis" to more than 90,000 national servicemen (NSmen) and their families who live in north-western Singapore.
SAFRA Choa Chu Kang will become the seventh such clubhouse here and the first to boast a sheltered pool and aqua gym.
The clubhouse was announced in May last year and plans for the five-storey building were revealed on Saturday (Nov 10) at the atrium of Lot One Shoppers' Mall, where an exhibition showing artist impressions and a 3D model of the clubhouse were on display.
The clubhouse will be located within a five-minute walk from Choa Chu Kang MRT station and also boast facilities including a partially sheltered running track and indoor playground.
Among the new locations include Sim Lim Square, SAFRA Yishun, KINEX, Causeway Point, ION Orchard, Toa Payoh Central, Jurong Regional Library and West Mall.
Today, the rebuilt Central Horizon continues to retain its landmark elongated architecture amidst five towering 40-storey blocks housing three times more residents than it has before!
The singular drop off point for the estate is located at Block 79C Toa Payoh Central.
This is possible due to the unique layout where all five blocks are located close to each other unlike in other estates like City Vue where the blocks are quite far apart.
The precinct pavillion is located next to Block 79A Toa Payoh Central.
Considering how close Central Horizon is to Toa Payoh MRT, Toa Payoh Mall and Toa Payoh Hub, the development still boasts its very own eating house, clinic and other shops!
On top of shopping amenities, there is also the Toa Payoh Public Library just around the corner too which is plenty of fun for families with young children, or for those looking for a good (and free) read.
The park has been around since the 70s (also known as Toa Payoh Town Garden back then) and houses 4.8ha of flora, manmade ponds, bridges, gazebos and walking trails.
For more retail options, you can head down to Limbang Shopping Centre and Lot One, which will take around a 10-minute bus ride.
Yew Tee Integrated Development will also be integrated with the upcoming Yew Tee Polyclinic and a kidney dialysis centre, providing more convenient healthcare access for residents. These will be located on levels 1 to 4 of the commercial block.
On the other hand, the nearest hospital, Ng Teng Fong General Hospital, will be a little further at around a 20-minute drive.
Alternatively, you can head to Kranji Reservoir, where you can get a panoramic view of the Johor Straits. It’s around an 11-minute bus ride from Kranji MRT, which is one stop from Yew Tee MRT.
And for those who are more active, there’s Choa Chu Kang Sports Centre a couple of streets away. It comprises a stadium, sports hall and swimming complex.
The closest schools, De La Salle School, Unity Secondary and Kranji Primary, will all be within a 10-minute walk.
Other schools nearby include Yew Tee Primary, Unity Primary, Regent Secondary, Kranji Secondary and Jurong Pioneer Junior College.
Another bonus is that there’s a lot of childcare centres in the area. The nearest ones include My First Skool, Kiddy Campus and PCF Sparkletots at Choa Chu Kang Street 62 — all within a three- to seven-minute walking distance.
The distance to the entrance of the TreeTop Walk is approximately 4.5km if you start at MacRitchie Reservoir Park. 
Alternatively, you can start at Windsor Nature Park, where it’s only 2.5km to the entrance of the walk.
Young Chin Peng, 62, Chiau Chee Meng, 53, and Adrian Chua Yong Han, 46, also chanted gang slogans and displayed gang hand signs at the procession along Havelock Road near the Tiong Bahru area.
The court heard that the trio had attended a funeral wake at the multipurpose hall of Block 50A Commonwealth Drive for a man they knew through their gang.
The procession came to a stop in front of Poh Huat Restaurant at 725 Havelock Road, which the deceased man had owned, in order for the restaurant employees and other shop operators to pay their respects.
An upcoming project is the partial pedestrianisation of Woodlands Ring Road, located between Woodlands Drive 63 and Woodlands Drive 71 (adjacent to Kampung Admiralty).
The westbound lane of this road lane will be closed off starting from February 2021 so that nearby residents, as well as students from nearby schools - MINDS Woodlands Gardens School, Woodlands Ring Primary and Secondary Schools, as well as Spectra Secondary School - will have more space for walking and cycling. 
This will also make access to Kampung Admiralty, Admiralty MRT station and other amenities more convenient for pedestrians. 
The eastbound road (towards Woodlands Drive 63) will be converted to a bus-only road, for buses and emergency vehicles only.
In 2019, about 60m of Fusionopolis Way road in one-north Business Park was converted into a pedestrianised street on a trial basis.
This was the case in Kallang when a stray cat found itself stuck on a roof in Petain Court condominium.
Initially built as a temporary National Day Parade (NDP) venue while the new National Stadium was under construction, The Float @ Marina Bay can seat 27,000 spectators and has hosted the event nine times since 2007, most recently in 2018.
Guoco Tower is a mixed-use development skyscraper in Tanjong Pagar of the Downtown Core district of Singapore
With a height of 283.7 m (931 ft), it is currently the tallest building in Singapore, breaking the record held jointly by UOB Plaza, One Raffles Place and Republic Plaza for more than 20 years.
Nature lovers, you can now have your quiet evening stroll at two new therapeutic gardens in Pasir Ris Park and Bedok Reservoir Park.
Roadside parking spaces in Seng Poh Road and Lim Liak Street will be converted into wider footpaths and community spaces, Senior Minister of State for Transport Amy Khor said on Wednesday (March 9).
They will be built in places like Tengah, Jurong Lake District, Bayshore, and more, forming major routes that are safer and more pleasant for Singaporeans to walk and cycle on. 
We're all for these measures towards a car-lite Singapore, and in particular, the pedestrianisation of streets in Singapore. 
If you've ever walked freely on the road at Ann Siang Hill at night, enjoyed a cool drink along a car-free street at Haji Lane on the weekends, or walked along the pedestrians-only Connaught Drive and Anderson Bridge while exploring the civic district – then you'll understand the joy and freedom of car-free streets.
Soon, you'll be able to walk and cycle along a 60-metre stretch on Eng Hoon Street in Tiong Bahru without having to worry about vehicles.
The Whampoa Park Connector forms part of the Central Urban Loop and it’s quite an exciting one! 
Heading down from here, you’ll quickly reach The River Vista @ Kallang where you can admire the river views.
Residents who enjoy swimming would be glad to see that the Toa Payoh Swimming Complex is nearby too. 
The stadium (replete with a full 400m track) can also be found nearby, as well as a SAFRA Toa Payoh club.
Employer forces maid to step out onto window ledge to clean window exteriors at 489B Tampines, very dangerous. Employers please do not get your helper to do this!
Illegal dumping of furniture at Blk 554 Woodlands Drive 53 void deck, I pity the cleaners who need to move them away!
I keep telling NEA to do something about a huge slanted tree at Blk 178 Lompang Road, facing Bukit Panjang Plaza. 
Saw this lady smoking under the void deck of Blk 230 Jurong East Street 21.
Hello everybody, every morning 5-6am somebody keeps littering food for the birds. A lot of birds always flock here and causes major annoyance. Have complained to NEA and they said will monitor but nothing has been done to stop the litterer. It happens outside 200A Sengkang East Road near Bus Stop.
A five-minute walking distance to Mayflower MRT Station, which puts residents within a 30-minute MRT ride to the CBD.
Next to a park connector that offers a direct route to Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park and Bishan Sports Hall.
Lifestyle, dining and shopping precincts of Tanjong Katong, Joo Chiat, Katong, Parkway Parade and East Coast Park are very accessible by bus
Across the street from the renowned Old Airport Road Hawker Centre. Kallang Estate Wet Market and Food Centre and a kopitiam is also nearby.
Right next to Kong Hwa School, a highly-regarded primary school, and also not too far away from Chung Cheng High (Main) and Dunman High School.
A community club (Mountbatten CC) will be part of the project, for some it’ll be like having your very own clubhouse.
After all, Woodlands Central is home to the massive Causeway Point shopping mall, the Woodlands Civic Centre, bus interchange and MRT, as well as the upcoming Woods Square integrated office/commercial development.
Speaking of the Woodlands Health Campus, it’s an ambitious project, and is due for opening in 2023.
Right across the road from an upcoming integrated commercial/private residential development, complete with a new shopping centre (adding to the existing White Sands), a bus interchange, polyclinic and direct linkage to Pasir Ris MRT station.
Pasir Ris MRT Station is a future Cross Island Line MRT interchange.
Will likely be fully integrated with Pasir Ris Park and make this one of the rare BTO projects adjoining a park of this scale.
Even more recreational options at Downtown East, Pasir Ris Town Park and Pasir Ris Sports Centre.
Plenty of food options in nearby malls, as well as Pasir Ris Central Hawker Centre, but would benefit from a kopitiam within the development.
Near various primary and tertiary schools, such as Elias Park Primary School, Hai Sing Catholic School and Tampines Meridian Junior College.
Until everything eventually comes together in the 2030s, residents of the Tampines North BTO plots can just hop across to IKEA, Giant and Courts whenever they wish.
And that’s because the project is within 1km of well-regarded primary schools in Bedok, namely Yu Neng Primary School and Red Swastika School.
Being within walking distance to Bedok Reservoir Park and SAFRA Tampines is a big plus, too, for recreation and well-being. Temasek Polytechnic is also nearby.
Within a 6-minute walking distance to Le Quest, an integrated commercial/private residential development that has a Fairprice supermarket, retail shops and a hawker centre.
Within walking distance to future Tengah Plantation MRT on the Jurong Region Line, which is four stops from Jurong East and one stop from Tengah Central.
Sembawang Shopping Centre and a cluster of shophouse eateries are really close by; the nearest blocks will be 1- to 3-minutes’ walk away from these amenities.
The site is also four bus stops away from the popular Chong Pang City Wet Market & Food Centre, which will be housed within a new integrated development by 2027.
Sun Plaza, a compact shopping mall next to Sembawang MRT, provides additional shopping and food options, plus a public library. 
Canberra Plaza and Canberra MRT station are slightly further and we figure that very few residents will find these convenient, as there are no direct bus services and the hilly walk across a landed estate is a hassle.
Located across the road from the estate, Bukit Canberra is a massive integrated sport and community hub that will be fully up and running by the time residents move in. 
The nearby Sembawang Air Base is home to Singapore’s helicopter squadron.
These stacks happen to be near Sembawang Shopping Centre and numerous food options along Jalan Legundi and Jalan Tampang, so it’s really a win-win.
ParkView @ Bidadari, while within a respectable five-minute walking distance to Woodleigh MRT on the North-East Line (NEL), requires a little more effort to get to. 
Residents will have to walk around Alkaff Lake, cross a road, and walk around or through The Woodleigh Mall to get to the train station.
ParkView @ Bidadari is three-minute walk away from the The Woodleigh Mall, which will also house an integrated transport hub with an air-conditioned bus interchange and linkage to Woodleigh MRT station. 
Residents at Bartley Beacon need not fret; being right next to Bartley MRT puts them within ten minutes of the bigger and better NEX mall at Serangoon.
Bartley Beacon residents are also within 15 to 20 minutes to the commercial and retail hub at Paya Lebar, whereas ParkView @ Bidadari residents are within 15 to 20 minutes to Dhoby Ghaut and Plaza Singapura.
Both Bartley and Woodleigh plots are within 1km of the all-boys Maris Stella High School (Primary and Secondary), the mixed-gender Cedar Primary School (next to Cedar Girls’ Secondary School), St. Gabriel’s Secondary School and Bartley Secondary School.
There are a number of primary schools within 1km of the BTO, including Kuo Chuan Presbyterian Primary School right next door, Catholic High School, Guangyang Primary School and Townsville Primary School.
Superb recreational options nearby such as Bishan Swimming Complex, Bishan Stadium, Bishan Sports Hall, Bishan Community Club, Bishan-Ang Mo Kio Park, and the Kallang Park Connector.
Bishan is also known for being the home of Raffles Institution, Raffles Junior College, and most recently Raffles Girls’ School.
Tomlinson Heights is located near Singapore’s prime shopping district Orchard Road and is close to many lifestyle and entertainment options as well as several schools. It is within convenient walking distance to Orchard MRT station and the upcoming Orchard Boulevard MRT.
We can leave via Grange Road, Paterson Road, Orchard Boulevard or Tanglin Road and never worry about getting caught in a jam coming in or going out,” they enthuse.
The scene at Chuang Hock Eating House, located at 18 Gul Street 3 in Tuas, after Tan Hwee Koon reversed a van into the coffee shop.
Tanglin Shopping Centre is one of Singapore’s earliest retail landmarks and occupies a prominent location next to the St Regis Hotel in the Orchard Road enclave.
Today there was a big group of new command school enlistees reporting to Pasir Laba Camp and SAFTI, this caused a massive jam on PIE (Tuas) from Upper Jurong Road exit all the way to the KJE Woodlands Road exit, and also Jurong Town Hall Road exit.
In 1987, archaeologists discovered earthenware pieces at Kampong Permatang in the northwest region of Pulau Tekong, opposite the mouth of the Johore River.
Ong said that while the island was no longer inhabited by civilians, the names of the old kampongs live on in training areas, such as Selabin, Permatang and San Yong Kong.
The 1898 map below shows the many kampongs that dotted the island, such as Kampong Batu Koyok, Kampong Permatang, and Kampong Pangkalan Paku.
Fu Shan Garden is located at Woodlands Street 81 and features a dinosaur-themed playground.
A trip to Chinatown isn’t complete without a visit to People's Park Complex.
Chinatown is filled with dim sum restaurants and one popular spot is Yum Cha at 20 Trengganu Street.
Don Dae Bak Restaurant is located at 35 Kreta Ayer Road, Singapore 089000.
At Hong Lim Food Centre nearby, expect more Michelin Bib award-winning food and some young hawkerpreneurs. Plus, y’all know we love Amoy Street Food Centre and Maxwell that are also in this cultural precinct. 
Pro tip: want hawker centre-like delicious food and prices but with the comforts of aircon? People’s Park Centre, an old-school mall opposite Chinatown Point mall, has a small but fab food court.
Mei Heong Yuen Dessert has multiple locations including Temple Street and Chinatown Point.
The Club Street outlet boasts a larger menu and outdoor seating area for patrons who wanna soak in the sights and sounds of the buzzy Ann Siang district.
This hawker stall craft beer bar at Chinatown Complex offers an impressive number of draft beers – up to 12 at any one time. 
Spend your nights at 2 Jiak Chuan Road - home of Lime House, a Caribbean restaurant and bar that’s totally sublime with its classic cocktails paired with delicious Caribbean meals.
Of course, you can’t miss Yue Hwa Chinese Products on Eu Tong Sen Road.
Pagoda Street Market is a spectacle after the sun sets and the lanterns switch on.
The oldest Chinese temple in Singapore, Fu Tak Chi Museum now displays over 200 artefacts donated by former residents of Chinatown.
Heritage Collection on Chinatown offers newly refurbished rooms within walking distance of Chinatown MRT.
Behold, the magnificent Buddha Tooth Relic Temple.
Sri Mariamman Temple is one of the most iconic Hindu temples in Singapore and curiously placed at 244 South Bridge Road, in the middle of Chinatown.
Sitting along South Bridge Road, Masjid Jamae is one of the oldest mosques in the city.
Tip: to get a bird’s eye view, head to the viewing gallery on the 50th floor of The Pinnacle@Duxton.
Mother Dough Bakery, at 3 Jalan Kledek, offers a variety of sourdough baguettes, lovely cakes and flaky croissants.
Bussorah Street, located within the Kampong Glam historic district, is home to a variety of eateries.
The gallery is located at Muscat Street, right beside Masjid Sultan.
Masjid Pusara Aman is situated next to Chua Chu Kang Cemetery.
The former palace of the Sultan at 85 Sultan Gate is now the Malay Heritage Centre.
Get well acquainted with Singapore’s arts scene at Aliwal Arts Centre.
The Banana Leaf Apolo has multiple locations including Race Course Road and Little India Arcade.
Nestled along Mackenzie Road, the cafe can be easily spotted from afar, thanks to a giant curry puff planted right outside the store.
A wet market, food centre and shopping complex in one, Tekka Centre is the go-to for your Indian cuisine fix.
Think about shopping in Little India and one iconic name springs to mind: Mustafa Centre, at 145 Syed Alwi Road.
Dedicated to Kali, the Hindu Goddess of power, Sri Veeramakaliamman Hindu Temple is this grand, intricately designed temple built in the South Indian architectural style. Its address is 141 Serangoon Road, Singapore 218042.
You’ll be amazed by the architecture of Abdul Gafoor Mosque at 41 Dunlop Street which features Arabian, Indian and Renaissance influences. The green and yellow monument houses a sundial in the middle of the mosque with 25 rays, decorated with Arabic calligraphy.
MND Complex is surrounded by a multitude of food options - maxwell hawker centre and amoy street hawker centre are both within a five-minute walk, while the cluster of shophouses along peck seah street and tanjong pagar road house many food establishments.
experience at pasir ris, waiting time 30 minutes, not a single bus came.
This happened yesterday late afternoon, wednesday 23 march around 11.55am at the road near SpringLeaf Tower, I saw the car owner of SNA 6100J came out of his car scolding and pushing the motorcyclist!
at blk 222 yishun, noisy like there's concert here.
Looking for eye witnesses for a hit and run at blk 70 geylang bahru.
Grease separation room malfunctioned, causing the carpark at westgate to be flooded with water and grease.
Toyota car failed to signal when changing lane and turning left along telok blangah road.
70 persons were reported to have gastroenteritis symptoms after consuming food prepared at The Legend @ Light House CGC (20 Netheravon Road, Changi Golf Club Level 2, Singapore 508505) on 5 September 2021.
My family encountered a hit and run accident yesterday at hougang mall
In contrary, i had a very good experience with TungLok at Orchard Central.
White Lexus evading paying carpark fee at the exit of Hougang Meadow HDB estate area.
The bowls in foodcourt in Causeway Point and Vista Point are very dirty with rice and meehoon and other stains.
Want to skip using Trace Together App, come to Golden Mile Complex.
Very inconsiderate people push supermarket trolley away from NTUC, then they just park it outside Blk 182 Rivervale Crescent. 
Loyang Way Big Prawn Noodle at Loyang Way Food Village so called big prawn is very tiny!!
Ren Ci Hospital runs three facilities in Singapore - Ren Ci Community Hospital at Novena, Ren Ci @ bukit batok and Ren Ci @ ang mo kio.
Anderson Serangoon Junior College, Eunoia Junior College and Victoria Junior College are among the government and government-aided Junior Colleges that will increase the number of DSA places for non-Integrated Programme students from 10 per cent to 20 per cent of the yearly cohorts. Anderson Serangoon Junior College is located at Yio Chu Kang, while Eunoia Junior College is co-located with Marymount Community Centre near the upcoming Teck Ghee MRT Station, while Victoria Junior College will be served by Marine Terrace station on the thomson-east coast line.
The Attorney General's Chambers draft Singapore's laws and represents the state in domestic and international disputes. The Attorney General's Chambers is located at 1 Upper Pickering Street.